Microsoft Windows [Version 10.0.22631.4317]
(c) Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.

C:\Users\toy20>ssh tsegai@groq.ai.alcf.anl.gov
(tsegai@groq.ai.alcf.anl.gov) ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
                            Notice to Users

This is a Federal computer system and is the property of the United States
Government. It is for authorized use only. Users (authorized or unauthorized)
have no explicit or implicit expectation of privacy.

Any or all uses of this system and all files on this system may be intercepted,
monitored, recorded, copied, audited, inspected, and disclosed to authorized
site, Department of Energy, and law enforcement personnel, as well as
authorized officials of other agencies, both domestic and foreign. By using
this system, the user consents to such interception, monitoring, recording,
copying, auditing, inspection, and disclosure at the discretion of authorized
site or Department of Energy personnel.

Unauthorized or improper use of this system may result in administrative
disciplinary action and civil and criminal penalties. By continuing to use
this system you indicate your awareness of and consent to these terms and
conditions of use. LOG OFF IMMEDIATELY if you do not agree to the conditions
stated in this warning.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Password:

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
                            Notice to Users

This is a Federal computer system and is the property of the United States
Government. It is for authorized use only. Users (authorized or unauthorized)
have no explicit or implicit expectation of privacy.

Any or all uses of this system and all files on this system may be intercepted,
monitored, recorded, copied, audited, inspected, and disclosed to authorized
site, Department of Energy, and law enforcement personnel, as well as
authorized officials of other agencies, both domestic and foreign. By using
this system, the user consents to such interception, monitoring, recording,
copying, auditing, inspection, and disclosure at the discretion of authorized
site or Department of Energy personnel.

Unauthorized or improper use of this system may result in administrative
disciplinary action and civil and criminal penalties. By continuing to use
this system you indicate your awareness of and consent to these terms and
conditions of use. LOG OFF IMMEDIATELY if you do not agree to the conditions
stated in this warning.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------


Welcome to Ubuntu 22.04.4 LTS (GNU/Linux 5.15.0-102-generic x86_64)
Last login: Wed Nov 13 02:24:28 2024 from c-73-118-6-61.hsd1.fl.comcast.net
(base) tsegai@groq-login-02:~$ ssh groq-r01-gn-09.ai.alcf.anl.gov

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
                            Notice to Users

This is a Federal computer system and is the property of the United States
Government. It is for authorized use only. Users (authorized or unauthorized)
have no explicit or implicit expectation of privacy.

Any or all uses of this system and all files on this system may be intercepted,
monitored, recorded, copied, audited, inspected, and disclosed to authorized
site, Department of Energy, and law enforcement personnel, as well as
authorized officials of other agencies, both domestic and foreign. By using
this system, the user consents to such interception, monitoring, recording,
copying, auditing, inspection, and disclosure at the discretion of authorized
site or Department of Energy personnel.

Unauthorized or improper use of this system may result in administrative
disciplinary action and civil and criminal penalties. By continuing to use
this system you indicate your awareness of and consent to these terms and
conditions of use. LOG OFF IMMEDIATELY if you do not agree to the conditions
stated in this warning.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------


Welcome to Ubuntu 22.04.4 LTS (GNU/Linux 5.15.0-106-generic x86_64)

 * Documentation:  https://help.ubuntu.com
 * Management:     https://landscape.canonical.com
 * Support:        https://ubuntu.com/pro

This system has been minimized by removing packages and content that are
not required on a system that users do not log into.

To restore this content, you can run the 'unminimize' command.
New release '24.04.1 LTS' available.
Run 'do-release-upgrade' to upgrade to it.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

                           Notice to Users

This is a Federal computer system and is the property of the United States
Government. It is for authorized use only. Users (authorized or unauthorized)
have no explicit or implicit expectation of privacy.

Any or all uses of this system and all files on this system may be intercepted,
monitored, recorded, copied, audited, inspected, and disclosed to authorized
site, Department of Energy, and law enforcement personnel, as well as
authorized officials of other agencies, both domestic and foreign. By using
this system, the user consents to such interception, monitoring, recording,
copying, auditing, inspection, and disclosure at the discretion of authorized
site or Department of Energy personnel.

Unauthorized or improper use of this system may result in administrative
disciplinary action and civil and criminal penalties. By continuing to use
this system you indicate your awareness of and consent to these terms and
conditions of use. LOG OFF IMMEDIATELY if you do not agree to the conditions
stated in this warning.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Last login: Wed Nov 13 02:24:50 2024 from groq-login-02.ai.alcf.anl.gov
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

                           Notice to Users

This is a Federal computer system and is the property of the United States
Government. It is for authorized use only. Users (authorized or unauthorized)
have no explicit or implicit expectation of privacy.

Any or all uses of this system and all files on this system may be intercepted,
monitored, recorded, copied, audited, inspected, and disclosed to authorized
site, Department of Energy, and law enforcement personnel, as well as
authorized officials of other agencies, both domestic and foreign. By using
this system, the user consents to such interception, monitoring, recording,
copying, auditing, inspection, and disclosure at the discretion of authorized
site or Department of Energy personnel.

Unauthorized or improper use of this system may result in administrative
disciplinary action and civil and criminal penalties. By continuing to use
this system you indicate your awareness of and consent to these terms and
conditions of use. LOG OFF IMMEDIATELY if you do not agree to the conditions
stated in this warning.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

(base) tsegai@groq-r01-gn-09:~$ wget https://repo.anaconda.com/miniconda/Miniconda3-latest-Linux-x86_64.sh
--2024-11-14 01:09:37--  https://repo.anaconda.com/miniconda/Miniconda3-latest-Linux-x86_64.sh
Resolving repo.anaconda.com (repo.anaconda.com)... 104.16.32.241, 104.16.191.158, 2606:4700::6810:20f1, ...
Connecting to repo.anaconda.com (repo.anaconda.com)|104.16.32.241|:443... connected.
HTTP request sent, awaiting response... 200 OK
Length: 148337011 (141M) [application/octet-stream]
Saving to: ‘Miniconda3-latest-Linux-x86_64.sh.4’

Miniconda3-latest-Linux-x86_ 100%[=============================================>] 141.46M   187MB/s    in 0.8s

2024-11-14 01:09:39 (187 MB/s) - ‘Miniconda3-latest-Linux-x86_64.sh.4’ saved [148337011/148337011]

(base) tsegai@groq-r01-gn-09:~$ bash Miniconda3-latest-Linux-x86_64.sh

Welcome to Miniconda3 py312_24.9.2-0

In order to continue the installation process, please review the license
agreement.
Please, press ENTER to continue
>>>
ANACONDA TERMS OF SERVICE

Please read these Terms of Service carefully before purchasing, using, accessing, or downloading any Anaconda Offer
ings (the "Offerings"). These Anaconda Terms of Service ("TOS") are between Anaconda, Inc. ("Anaconda") and you ("Y
ou"), the individual or entity acquiring and/or providing access to the Offerings. These TOS govern Your access, do
wnload, installation, or use of the Anaconda Offerings, which are provided to You in combination with the terms set
 forth in the applicable Offering Description, and are hereby incorporated into these TOS. Except where indicated o
therwise, references to "You" shall include Your Users. You hereby acknowledge that these TOS are binding, and You
affirm and signify your consent to these TOS by registering to, using, installing, downloading, or accessing the An
aconda Offerings effective as of the date of first registration, use, install, download or access, as applicable (t
he "Effective Date"). Capitalized definitions not otherwise defined herein are set forth in Section 15 (Definitions
). If You do not agree to these Terms of Service, You must not register, use, install, download, or access the Anac
onda Offerings.

1. ACCESS & USE
1.1 General License Grant. Subject to compliance with these TOS and any applicable Offering Description, Anaconda g
rants You a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable, limited right to use the appli
cable Anaconda Offering strictly as detailed herein and as set forth in a relevant Offering Description. If You pur
chase a subscription to an Offering as set forth in a relevant Order, then the license grant(s) applicable to your
access, download, installation, or use of a specific Anaconda Offering will be set forth in the relevant Offering D
escription and any definitive agreement which may be executed by you in writing or electronic in connection with yo
ur Order ("Custom Agreement"). License grants for specific Anaconda Offerings are set forth in the relevant Offerin
g Description, if applicable.
1.2 License Restrictions. Unless expressly agreed by Anaconda, You may not:  (a) Make, sell, resell, license, subli
cense, distribute, rent, or lease any Offerings available to anyone other than You or Your Users, unless expressly
stated otherwise in an Order, Custom Agreement or the Documentation or as otherwise expressly permitted in writing
by Anaconda; (b) Use the Offerings to store or transmit infringing, libelous, or otherwise unlawful or tortious mat
erial, or to store or transmit material in violation of third-party privacy rights; (c) Use the Offerings or Third
Party Services to store or transmit Malicious Code, or attempt to gain unauthorized access to any Offerings or Thir
d Party Services or their related systems or networks; (d)Interfere with or disrupt the integrity or performance of
 any Offerings or Third Party Services, or third-party data contained therein; (e) Permit direct or indirect access
 to or use of any Offerings or Third Party Services in a way that circumvents a contractual usage limit, or use any
 Offerings to access, copy or use any Anaconda intellectual property except as permitted under these TOS, a Custom
Agreement, an Order or the Documentation; (f) Modify, copy or create derivative works of the Offerings or any part,
 feature, function or user interface thereof except, and then solely to the extent that, such activity is required
to be permitted under applicable law; (g) Copy Content except as permitted herein or in an Order, a Custom Agreemen
t or the Documentation or republish any material portion of any Offering in a manner competitive with the offering
by Anaconda, including republication on another website or redistribute or embed any or all Offerings in a commerci
al product for redistribution or resale; (h) Frame or Mirror any part of any Content or Offerings, except if and to
 the extent permitted in an applicable Custom Agreement or Order for your own Internal Use and as permitted in a Cu
stom Agreement or Documentation; (i) Except and then solely to the extent required to be permitted by applicable la
w, copy, disassemble, reverse engineer, or decompile an Offering, or access an Offering to build a competitive  ser
vice by copying or using similar ideas, features, functions or graphics of the Offering. You may not use any "deep-
link", "page-scrape", "robot", "spider" or other automatic device, program, algorithm or methodology, or any simila
r or equivalent manual process, to access, acquire, copy or monitor any portion of our Offerings or Content. Anacon
da reserves the right to end any such activity. If You would like to redistribute or embed any Offering in any prod
uct You are developing, please contact the Anaconda team for a third party redistribution commercial license.

2. USERS & LICENSING
2.1 Organizational Use.  Your registration, download, use, installation, access, or enjoyment of all Anaconda Offer
ings on behalf of an organization that has two hundred (200) or more employees or contractors ("Organizational Use"
) requires a paid license of Anaconda Business or Anaconda Enterprise. For sake of clarity, use by government entit
ies and nonprofit entities with over 200 employees or contractors is considered Organizational Use.  Purchasing Sta
rter tier license(s) does not satisfy the Organizational Use paid license requirement set forth in this Section 2.1
.
 Educational Entities will be exempt from the paid license requirement, provided that the use of the Anaconda Offer
ing(s) is solely limited to being used for a curriculum-based course. Anaconda reserves the right to monitor the re
gistration, download, use, installation, access, or enjoyment of the Anaconda Offerings to ensure it is part of a c
urriculum.
2.2 Use by Authorized Users. Your "Authorized Users" are your employees, agents, and independent contractors (inclu
ding outsourcing service providers) who you authorize to use the Anaconda Offering(s) on Your behalf for Your Inter
nal Use, provided that You are responsible for: (a) ensuring that such Authorized Users comply with these TOS or an
 applicable Custom Agreement; and  (b) any breach of these TOS by such Authorized Users.
2.3 Use by Your Affiliates. Your Affiliates may use the Anaconda Offering(s) on Your behalf for Your Internal Use o
nly with prior written approval from Anaconda. Such Affiliate usage is limited to those Affiliates who were defined
 as such upon the Effective Date of these TOS. Usage by organizations who become Your Affiliates after the Effectiv
e Date may require a separate license, at Anaconda's discretion.
2.4 Licenses for Systems. For each End User Computing Device ("EUCD") (i.e. laptops, desktop devices) one license c
overs one installation and a reasonable number of virtual installations on the EUCD (e.g. Docker, VirtualBox, Paral
lels, etc.). Any other installations, usage, deployments, or access must have an individual license per each additi
onal usage.
2.5 Mirroring. You may only Mirror the Anaconda Offerings with the purchase of a Site License unless explicitly inc
luded in an Order Form or Custom Agreement.
2.6 Beta Offerings. Anaconda provides Beta Offerings "AS-IS" without support or any express or implied warranty or
indemnity for any problems or issue s, and Anaconda has no liability relating to Your use of the Beta Offerings. Un
less agreed in writing by Anaconda, You will not put Beta Offerings into production use. You may only use the Beta
Offerings for the period specified by Anaconda in writing; (b) Anaconda, in its discretion, may stop providing the
Beta Offerings at any time, at which point You must immediately cease using the Beta Offering(s); and (c) Beta Offe
rings may contain bugs, errors, or other issues..
2.7 Content. In consideration of Your payment of Subscription Fees, Anaconda hereby grants to You and Your Users a
personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable, limited right and license during the Usage
 Term to access, input, use, transmit, copy, process, and measure the Content solely (1) within the Offerings and t
o the extent required to enable the ordinary and unmodified functionality of the Offerings as described in the Offe
ring descriptions, and (2) for your Internal Use. Customer hereby acknowledge that the grant hereunder is solely be
ing provided for your Internal Use and not to modify or to create any derivatives based on the Content.

3. ANACONDA OFFERINGS
3.1 Upgrades or Additional Copies of Offerings. You may only use additional copies of the Offerings beyond Your Ord
er if You have acquired such rights under an agreement with Anaconda and you may only use Upgrades under Your Order
 to the extent you have discontinued use of prior versions of the Offerings.
3.2 Changes to Offerings; Maintenance. Anaconda may: (a) enhance or refine an Offering, although in doing so, Anaco
nda will not materially reduce the core functionality of that Offering, except as contemplated in Section 3.4 (End
of Life); and (b) perform scheduled maintenance of the infrastructure and software used to provide an Offering, dur
ing which You may experience some disruption to that Offering.  Whenever reasonably practicable, Anaconda will prov
ide You with advance notice of such maintenance. You acknowledge that occasionally, Anaconda may need to perform em
ergency maintenance without providing You advance notice, during which Anaconda may temporarily suspend Your access
 to, and use of, the Offering.
3.3 Use with Third Party Products. If You use the Anaconda Offering(s) with third party products, such use is at Yo
ur risk. Anaconda does not provide support or guarantee ongoing integration support for products that are not a nat
ive part of the Anaconda Offering(s).
3.4 End of Life. Anaconda reserves the right to discontinue the availability of an Anaconda Offering, including its
 component functionality, hereinafter referred to as "End of Life" or "EOL", by providing written notice through it
s official website, accessible at www.anaconda.com at least sixty (60) days prior to the EOL. In such instances, An
aconda is under no obligation to provide support in the transition away from the EOL Offering or feature, You shall
 transition to the latest version of the Anaconda Offering, as soon as the newest Version is released in order to m
aintain uninterrupted service. In the event that You or Your designated Anaconda Partner have previously remitted a
 prepaid fee for the utilization of Anaconda Offering, and if the said Offering becomes subject to End of Life (EOL
) before the end of an existing Usage Term, Anaconda shall undertake commercially reasonable efforts to provide the
 necessary information to facilitate a smooth transition to an alternative Anaconda Offering that bears substantial
 similarity in terms of functionality and capabilities. Anaconda will not be held liable for any direct or indirect
 consequences arising from the EOL of an Offering or feature, including but not limited to data loss, service inter
ruption, or any impact on business operations.

4. OPEN SOURCE, CONTENT & APPLICATIONS
4.1 Open-Source Software & Packages. Our Offerings include open-source libraries, components, utilities, and third-
party software that is distributed or otherwise made available as "free software," "open-source software," or under
 a similar licensing or distribution model ("Open-Source Software"), which may be subject to third party open-sourc
e license terms (the "Open-Source Terms"). Certain Offerings are intended for use with open-source Python and R sof
tware packages and tools for statistical computing and graphical analysis ("Packages"), which are made available in
 source code form by third parties and Community Users. As such, certain Offerings interoperate with certain Open-S
ource Software components, including without limitation Open Source Packages, as part of its basic functionality; a
nd to use certain Offerings, You will need to separately license Open-Source Software and Packages from the licenso
r. Anaconda is not responsible for Open-Source Software or Packages and does not assume any obligations or liabilit
y with respect to You or Your Users' use of Open-Source Software or Packages. Notwithstanding anything to the contr
ary, Anaconda makes no warranty or indemnity hereunder with respect to any Open-Source Software or Packages. Some o
f such Open-Source Terms or other license agreements applicable to Packages determine that to the extent applicable
 to the respective Open-Source Software or Packages licensed thereunder.  Any such terms prevail over any conflicti
ng license terms, including these TOS. Anaconda will use best efforts to use only Open-Source Software and Packages
 that do not impose any obligation or affect the Customer Data (as defined hereinafter) or Intellectual Property Ri
ghts of Customer (beyond what is stated in the Open-Source Terms and herein), on an ordinary use of our Offerings t
hat do not involve any modification, distribution, or independent use of such Open-Source Software.
4.2 Open Source Project Affiliation. Anaconda's software packages are not affiliated with upstream open source proj
ects. While Anaconda may distribute and adapt open source software packages for user convenience, such distribution
 does not imply any endorsement, approval, or validation of the original software's quality, security, or suitabili
ty for specific purposes.
4.3 Third-Party Services and Content. You may access or use, at Your sole discretion, certain third-party products,
 services, and Content that interoperate with the Offerings including, but not limited to: (a) third party Packages
, components, applications, services, data, content, or resources found in the Offerings, and (b) third-party servi
ce integrations made available through the Offerings or APIs (collectively, "Third-Party Services"). Each Third-Par
ty Service is governed by the applicable terms and policies of the third-party provider. The terms under which You
access, use, or download Third-Party Services are solely between You and the applicable Third-Party Service provide
r. Anaconda does not make any representations, warranties, or guarantees regarding the Third-Party Services or the
providers thereof, including, but not limited to, the Third-Party Services' continued availability, security, and i
ntegrity. Third-Party Services are made available by Anaconda on an "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" basis, and Anaconda
may cease providing them in the Offerings at any time in its sole discretion and You shall not be entitled to any r
efund, credit, or other compensation.

5. CUSTOMER CONTENT, APPLICATIONS & RESPONSIBILITIES
5.1 Customer Content and Applications. Your content remains your own. We assume no liability for the content you pu
blish through our services. However, you must adhere to our Acceptable Use Policy while utilizing our platform. You
 can share your submitted Customer Content or Customer Applications with others using our Offerings. By sharing You
r Content, you grant legal rights to those You give access to. Anaconda has no responsibility to enforce, police, o
r otherwise aid You in enforcing or policing the terms of the license(s) or permission(s) You have chosen to offer.
 Anaconda is not liable for third-party misuse of your submitted Customer Content or Customer Applications on our O
fferings. Customer Applications does not include any derivative works that might be created out of open source wher
e the license prohibits derivative works.
5.2 Removal of Customer Content and Applications. If You received a removal notification regarding any Customer Con
tent or a Customer Application due to legal reasons or policy violations, you promptly must do so. If You don't com
ply or the violation persists, Anaconda may disable the Content or your access to the Content. If required, You mus
t confirm in writing that you've deleted or stopped using the Customer Content or Customer Applications. Anaconda m
ight also remove Customer Content or Customer Applications if requested by a Third-party rights holder whose rights
 have been violated. Anaconda isn't obliged to store or provide copies of Customer Content or Customer Applications
 that have been removed, is Your responsibility to maintain a back-up of Your Content.
5.3 Protecting Account Access. You will keep all account information up to date, use reasonable means to protect Yo
ur account information, passwords, and other login credentials, and promptly notify Anaconda of any known or suspec
ted unauthorized use of or access to Your account.

6. YOUR DATA, PRIVACY & SECURITY
6.1 Your Data. Your Data, hereinafter "Customer Data", is any data, files, attachments, text, images, reports, pers
onal information, or any other data that is, uploaded or submitted, transmitted, or otherwise made available, to or
 through the Offerings, by You or any of your Authorized Users and is processed by Anaconda on your behalf. For the
 avoidance of doubt, Anonymized Data is not regarded as Customer Data. You retain all right, title, interest, and c
ontrol, in and to the Customer Data, in the form submitted to the Offerings. Subject to these TOS, You grant Anacon
da a worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive license to store, access, use, process, copy, transmit, distribute, per
form, export, and display the Customer Data, and solely to the extent that reformatting Customer Data for display i
n the Offerings constitutes a modification or derivative work, the foregoing license also includes the right to mak
e modifications and derivative works. The aforementioned license is hereby granted solely: (i) to maintain, improve
 and provide You the Offerings; (ii) to prevent or address technical or security issues and resolve support request
s; (iii) to investigate when we have a good faith belief, or have received a complaint alleging, that such Customer
 Data is in violation of these TOS; (iv) to comply with a valid legal subpoena, request, or other lawful process; (
v) detect and avoid overage of use of our Offering and confirm compliance by Customer with these TOS and other appl
icable agreements and policies;  (vi) to create Anonymized Data whether directly or through telemetry, and (vi) as
expressly permitted in writing by You. Anaconda may use and retain your Account Information for business purposes r
elated to these TOS and to the extent necessary to meet Anaconda's legal compliance obligations (including, for aud
it and anti-fraud purposes). We reserve the right to utilize aggregated data to enhance our Offerings functionality
, ensure  compliance, avoid Offering overuse, and derive insights from customer behavior, in strict adherence to ou
r Privacy Policy.
6.2 Processing Customer Data. The ordinary operation of certain Offerings requires Customer Data to pass through An
aconda's network. To the extent that Anaconda processes Customer Data on your behalf that includes Personal Data, A
naconda will handle such Personal Data in compliance with our Data Processing Addendum.
6.3 Privacy Policy.  If You obtained the Offering under these TOS, the conditions pertaining to the handling of you
r Personal Data, as described in our Privacy Policy, shall govern. However, in instances where your offering acquis
ition is executed through a Custom Agreement, the terms articulated within our Data Processing Agreement ("DPA") sh
all take precedence over our Privacy Policy concerning data processing matters.
6.4 Aggregated  Data. Anaconda retains all right, title, and interest in the models, observations, reports, analyse
s, statistics, databases, and other information created, compiled, analyzed, generated or derived by Anaconda from
platform, network, or traffic data in the course of providing the Offerings ("Aggregated Data"). To the extent the
Aggregated Data includes any Personal Data, Anaconda will handle such Personal Data in compliance with applicable d
ata protection laws and the Privacy Policy or DPA, as applicable.
6.5 Offering Security. Anaconda will implement industry standard security safeguards for the protection of Customer
 Confidential Information, including any Customer Content originating or transmitted from or processed by the Offer
ings and/or cached on or within Anaconda's network and stored within the Offerings in accordance with its policies
and procedures. These safeguards include commercially reasonable administrative, technical, and organizational meas
ures to protect Customer Content against destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure, or unauthorized ac
cess, including such things as information security policies and procedures, security awareness training, threat an
d vulnerability management, incident response and breach notification, and vendor risk management procedures.

7. SUPPORT
7.1 Support Services. Anaconda offers Support Services that may be included with an Offering. Anaconda will provide
 the purchased level of Support Services in accordance with the terms of the Support Policy as detailed in the appl
icable Order. Unless ordered, Anaconda shall have no responsibility to deliver Support Services to You. The Support
 Service Levels and Tiers are described in the relevant Support Policy, found here.
7.2 Information Backups. You are aware of the risk that Your Content may be lost or irreparably damaged due to faul
ts, suspension, or termination. While we might back up data, we cannot guarantee these backups will occur to meet y
our frequency needs or ensure successful recovery of Your Content. It is your obligation to back up any Content you
 wish to preserve. We bear no legal liability for the loss or damage of Your Content.

8. OWNERSHIP & INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
8.1 General. Unless agreed in writing, nothing in these TOS transfers ownership in, or grants any license to, any I
ntellectual Property Rights.
8.2 Feedback. Anaconda may use any feedback You provide in connection with Your use of the Anaconda Offering(s) as
part of its business operations. You hereby agree that any feedback provided to Anaconda will be the intellectual p
roperty of Anaconda without compensation to the provider, author, creator, or inventor of providing the feedback.
8.3 DMCA Compliance. You agree to adhere to our Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) policies established in our
 Acceptable Use Policy.

9. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION
9.1 Confidential Information. In connection with these TOS and the Offerings (including the evaluation thereof), ea
ch Party ("Discloser") may disclose to the other Party ("Recipient"), non-public business, product, technology and
marketing information, including without limitation, customers lists and information, know-how, software and any ot
her non-public information that is either identified as such or should reasonably be understood to be confidential
given the nature of the information and the circumstances of disclosure, whether disclosed prior or after the Effec
tive Date ("Confidential Information"). For the avoidance of doubt, (i) Customer Data is regarded as your Confident
ial Information, and (ii) our Offerings, including Beta Offerings, and inclusive of their underlying technology, an
d their respective performance information, as well as any data, reports, and materials we provided to You in conne
ction with your evaluation or use of the Offerings, are regarded as our Confidential Information. Confidential Info
rmation does not include information that (a) is or becomes generally available to the public without breach of any
 obligation owed to the Discloser; (b) was known to the Recipient prior to its disclosure by the Discloser without
breach of any obligation owed to the Discloser; (c) is received from a third party without breach of any obligation
 owed to the Discloser; or (d) was independently developed by the Recipient without any use or reference to the Con
fidential Information.
9.2 Confidentiality Obligations. The Recipient will (i) take at least reasonable measures to prevent the unauthoriz
ed disclosure or use of Confidential Information, and limit access to those employees, affiliates, service provider
s and agents, on a need to know basis and who are bound by confidentiality obligations at least as restrictive as t
hose contained herein; and (ii) not use or disclose any Confidential Information to any third party, except as part
 of its performance under these TOS and to consultants and advisors to such party, provided that any such disclosur
e shall be governed by confidentiality obligations at least as restrictive as those contained herein.
9.3 Compelled Disclosure. Notwithstanding the above, Confidential Information may be disclosed pursuant to the orde
r or requirement of a court, administrative agency, or other governmental body; provided, however, that to the exte
nt legally permissible, the Recipient shall make best efforts to provide prompt written notice of such court order
or requirement to the Discloser to enable the Discloser to seek a protective order or otherwise prevent or restrict
 such disclosure.

10. INDEMNIFICATION
10.1 By Customer. Customer hereby agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Anaconda and our Affiliates and thei
r respective officers, directors, employees and agents from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, l
iabilities, losses, reasonable expenses or costs incurred as a result of any third party claim arising from (i) You
 and/or any of your Authorized Users', violation of these TOS or applicable law; and/or (ii) Customer Data and/or C
ustomer Content, including the use of Customer Data and/or Customer Content by Anaconda and/or any of our subcontra
ctors, which infringes or violates, any third party's rights, including, without limitation, Intellectual Property
Rights.
10.2 By Anaconda. Anaconda will defend any third party claim against You that Your valid use of Anaconda Offering(s
) under Your Order infringes a third party's U.S. patent, copyright or U.S. registered trademark (the "IP Claim").
Anaconda will indemnify You against the final judgment entered by a court of competent jurisdiction or any settleme
nts arising out of an IP Claim, provided that You:  (a) promptly notify Anaconda in writing of the IP Claim;  (b) f
ully cooperate with Anaconda in the defense of the IP Claim; and (c) grant Anaconda the right to exclusively contro
l the defense and settlement of the IP Claim, and any subsequent appeal. Anaconda will have no obligation to reimbu
rse You for Your attorney fees and costs in connection with any IP Claim for which Anaconda is providing defense an
d indemnification hereunder. You, at Your own expense, may retain Your own legal representation.
10.3 Additional Remedies. If an IP Claim is made and prevents Your exercise of the Usage Rights, Anaconda will eith
er procure for You the right to continue using the Anaconda Offering(s), or replace or modify the Anaconda Offering
(s) with functionality that is non-infringing. Only if Anaconda determines that these alternatives are not reasonab
ly available, Anaconda may terminate Your Usage Rights granted under these TOS upon written notice to You and will
refund You a prorated portion of the fee You paid for the Anaconda Offering(s) for the remainder of the unexpired U
sage Term.
10.4 Exclusions.  Anaconda has no obligation regarding any IP Claim based on: (a) compliance with any designs, spec
ifications, or requirements You provide or a third party provides; (b) Your modification of any Anaconda Offering(s
) or modification by a third party; (c) the amount or duration of use made of the Anaconda Offering(s), revenue You
 earned, or services You offered; (d) combination, operation, or use of the Anaconda Offering(s) with non-Anaconda
products, software or business processes; (e) Your failure to modify or replace the Anaconda Offering(s) as require
d by Anaconda; or (f) any Anaconda Offering(s) provided on a no charge, beta or evaluation basis; or (g) your use o
f the Open Source Software and/or Third Party Services made available to You within the Anaconda Offerings.
10.5 Exclusive Remedy. This Section 9 (Indemnification) states Anaconda's entire obligation and Your exclusive reme
dy regarding any IP Claim against You.

11. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
11.1 Limitation of Liability. Neither Party will be liable for indirect, incidental, exemplary, punitive, special o
r consequential damages; loss or corruption of data or interruption or loss of business; or loss of revenues, profi
ts, goodwill or anticipated sales or savings except as a result of violation of Anaconda's Intellectual Property Ri
ghts. Except as a result of violation of Anaconda's Intellectual Property Rights, the maximum aggregate liability o
f each party under these TOS is limited to: (a) for claims solely arising from software licensed on a perpetual bas
is, the fees received by Anaconda for that Offering; or (b) for all other claims, the fees received by Anaconda for
 the applicable Anaconda Offering and attributable to the 12 month period immediately preceding the first claim giv
ing rise to such liability; provided if no fees have been received by Anaconda, the maximum aggregate liability sha
ll be one hundred US dollars ($100). This limitation of liability applies whether the claims are in warranty, contr
act, tort (including negligence), infringement, or otherwise, even if either party has been advised of the possibil
ity of such damages. Nothing in these TOS limits or excludes any liability that cannot be limited or excluded under
 applicable law. This limitation of liability is cumulative and not per incident.

12. FEES & PAYMENT
12.1 Fees. Orders for the Anaconda Offering(s) are non-cancellable. Fees for Your use of an Anaconda Offering are s
et out in Your Order or similar purchase terms with Your Approved Source. If payment is not received within the spe
cified payment terms, any overdue and unpaid balances will be charged interest at a rate of five percent (5%) per m
onth, charged daily until the balance is paid.
12.2 Billing. You agree to provide us with updated, accurate, and complete billing information, and You hereby auth
orize Anaconda, either directly or through our payment processing service or our Affiliates, to charge the applicab
le Fees set forth in Your Order via your selected payment method, upon the due date. Unless expressly set forth her
ein, the Fees are non-cancelable and non-refundable. We reserve the right to change the Fees at any time, upon noti
ce to You if such change may affect your existing Subscriptions or other renewable services upon renewal. In the ev
ent of failure to collect the Fees You owe, we may, at our sole discretion (but shall not be obligated to), retry t
o collect at a later time, and/or suspend or cancel the Account, without notice. If You pay fees by credit card, An
aconda will charge the credit card in accordance with Your Subscription plan. You remain liable for any fees which
are rejected by the card issuer or charged back to Anaconda.
12.3 Taxes. The Fees are exclusive of any and all taxes (including without limitation, value added tax, sales tax,
use tax, excise, goods and services tax, etc.), levies, or duties, which may be imposed in respect of these TOS and
 the purchase or sale, of the Offerings or other services set forth in the Order (the "Taxes"), except for Taxes im
posed on our income.
12.4 Payment Through Anaconda Partner. If You purchased an Offering from an Anaconda Partner or other Approved Sour
ce, then to the extent there is any conflict between these TOS and any terms of service entered between You and the
 respective Partner, including any purchase order, then, as between You and Anaconda, these TOS shall prevail. Any
rights granted to You and/or any of the other Users in a separate agreement with a Partner which are not contained
in these TOS, apply only in connection vis a vis the Partner.

13. TERM, TERMINATION & SUSPENSION
13.1 Subscription Term. The Offerings are provided on a subscription basis for the term specified in your Order (th
e "Subscription Term"). The termination or suspension of an individual Order will not terminate or suspend any othe
r Order. If these TOS are terminated in whole, all outstanding Order(s) will terminate.
13.2 Subscription Auto-Renewal. To prevent interruption or loss of service when using the Offerings or any Subscrip
tion and Support Services will renew automatically, unless You cancel your license to the Offering, Subscription or
 Support Services agreement prior to their expiration.
13.3 Termination. If a party materially breaches these TOS and does not cure that breach within 30 days after recei
pt of written notice of the breach, the non-breaching party may terminate these TOS for cause.  Anaconda may immedi
ately terminate your Usage Rights if You breach Section 1 (Access & Use), Section 4 (Open Source, Content & Applica
tions), Section 8 (Ownership & Intellectual Property) or Section 16.10 (Export) or any of the Offering Descriptions
.
13.4 Survival. Section 8 (Ownership & Intellectual Property), Section 6.4 (Aggregated Data), Section 9 (Confidentia
l Information), Section 9.3 (Warranty Disclaimer), Section 12 (Limitation of Liability), Section 14 (Term, Terminat
ion & Suspension),  obligations to make payment under Section 13 which accrued prior to termination (Fees & Payment
), Section 14.4 (Survival), Section 14.5 (Effect of Termination), Section 15 (Records, User Count) and Section 16 (
General Provisions) survive termination or expiration of these TOS.
13.5 Effect of Termination. Upon termination of the TOS, You must stop using the Anaconda Offering(s) and destroy a
ny copies of Anaconda Proprietary Technology and Confidential Information within Your control. Upon Anaconda's term
ination of these TOS for Your material breach, You will pay Anaconda or the Approved Source any unpaid fees through
 to the end of the then-current Usage Term. If You continue to use or access any Anaconda Offering(s) after termina
tion, Anaconda or the Approved Source may invoice You, and You agree to pay, for such continued use. Anaconda may r
equire evidence of compliance with this Section 13. Upon request, you agree to provide evidence of compliance to An
aconda demonstrating that all proprietary Anaconda Offering(s) or components thereof have been removed from your sy
stems. Such evidence may be in the form of a system scan report or other similarly detailed method.
13.6 Excessive Usage. We shall have the right to throttle or restrict Your access to the Offerings where we, at our
 sole discretion, believe that You and/or any of your Authorized Users, have misused the Offerings or otherwise use
 the Offerings in an excessive manner compared to the anticipated standard use (at our sole discretion) of the Offe
rings, including, without limitation, excessive network traffic and bandwidth, size and/or length of Content, quali
ty and/or format of Content, sources of Content, volume of download time, etc.

14. RECORDS, USER COUNT
14.1 Verification Records. During the Usage Term and for a period of thirty six (36) months after its expiry or ter
mination, You will take reasonable steps to maintain complete and accurate records of Your use of the Anaconda Offe
ring(s) sufficient to verify compliance with these TOS ("Verification Records"). Upon reasonable advance notice, an
d no more than once per 12 month period unless the prior review showed a breach by You, You will, within thirty (30
) days from Anaconda's notice, allow Anaconda and/or its auditors access to the Verification Records and any applic
able books, systems (including Anaconda product(s) or other equipment), and accounts during Your normal business ho
urs.
14.2 Quarterly User Count. In accordance with the pricing structure stipulated within the relevant Order Form and t
his Agreement, in instances where the pricing assessment is contingent upon the number of users, Anaconda will cond
uct a periodic true-up on  a quarterly basis to ascertain the alignment between the actual number of users utilizin
g the services and the initially reported user count, and to assess for any unauthorized or noncompliant usage.
14.3 Penalties for Overage or Noncompliant Use.  Should the actual user count exceed the figure initially provided,
 or unauthorized usage is uncovered, the contracting party shall remunerate the difference to Anaconda, encompassin
g the additional users or noncompliant use in compliance with Anaconda's then-current pricing terms. The payment fo
r such difference shall be due in accordance with the invoicing and payment provisions specified in these TOS and/o
r within the relevant Order and the Agreement. In the event there is no custom commercial agreement beyond these TO
S between You and Anaconda at the time of a true-up pursuant to Section 13.2, and said true-up uncovers unauthorize
d or noncompliant usage, You will remunerate Anaconda via a back bill for any fees owed as a result of all unauthor
ized usage after April of 2020.  Fees may be waived by Anaconda at its discretion.

15. GENERAL PROVISIONS
15.1 Order of Precedence. If there is any conflict between these TOS and any Offering Description expressly referen
ced in these TOS, the order of precedence is: (a) such Offering Description;  (b) these TOS (excluding the Offering
 Description and any Anaconda policies); then (c) any applicable Anaconda policy expressly referenced in these TOS
and any agreement expressly incorporated by reference.  If there is a Custom Agreement, the Custom Agreement shall
control over these TOS.
15.2 Entire Agreement. These TOS are the complete agreement between the parties regarding the subject matter of the
se TOS and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications, understandings or agreements (whether written or
 oral) unless a Custom Agreement has been executed where, in such case, the Custom Agreement shall continue in full
 force and effect and shall control.
15.3 Modifications to the TOS. Anaconda may change these TOS or any of its components by updating these TOS on lega
l.anaconda.com/terms-of-service. Changes to the TOS apply to any Orders acquired or renewed after the date of modif
ication.
15.4 Third Party Beneficiaries. These TOS do not grant any right or cause of action to any third party.
15.5 Assignment. Anaconda may assign this Agreement to (a) an Affiliate; or (b) a successor or acquirer pursuant to
 a merger or sale of all or substantially all of such party's assets at any time and without written notice. Subjec
t to the foregoing, this Agreement will be binding upon and will inure to the benefit of Anaconda and their respect
ive successors and permitted assigns.
15.6 US Government End Users. The Offerings and Documentation are deemed to be "commercial computer software" and "
commercial computer software documentation" pursuant to FAR 12.212 and DFARS 227.7202. All US Government end users
acquire the Offering(s) and Documentation with only those rights set forth in these TOS. Any provisions that are in
consistent with federal procurement regulations are not enforceable against the US Government. In no event shall so
urce code be provided or considered to be a deliverable or a software deliverable under these TOS.
15.7 Anaconda Partner Transactions. If You purchase access to an Anaconda Offering from an Anaconda Partner, the te
rms of these TOS apply to Your use of that Anaconda Offering and prevail over any inconsistent provisions in Your a
greement with the Anaconda Partner.
15.8 Children and Minors. If You are under 18 years old, then by entering into these TOS You explicitly stipulate t
hat (i) You have legal capacity to consent to these TOS or Your parent or legal guardian has done so on Your behalf
;  (ii) You understand the Anaconda Privacy Policy; and (iii) You understand that certain underage users are strict
ly prohibited from using certain features and functionalities provided by the Anaconda Offering(s). You may not ent
er into these TOS if You are under 13 years old.  Anaconda does not intentionally seek to collect or solicit person
al information from individuals under the age of 13. In the event we become aware that we have inadvertently obtain
ed personal information from a child under the age of 13 without appropriate parental consent, we shall expeditious
ly delete such information. If applicable law allows the utilization of an Offering with parental consent, such con
sent shall be demonstrated in accordance with the prescribed process outlined by Anaconda's Privacy Policy for obta
ining parental approval.
15.9 Compliance with Laws.  Each party will comply with all laws and regulations applicable to their respective obl
igations under these TOS.
15.10 Export. The Anaconda Offerings are subject to U.S. and local export control and sanctions laws. You acknowled
ge and agree to the applicability of and Your compliance with those laws, and You will not receive, use, transfer,
export or re-export any Anaconda Offerings in a way that would cause Anaconda to violate those laws. You also agree
 to obtain any required licenses or authorizations.  Without limiting the foregoing, You may not acquire Offerings
if: (1) you are in, under the control of, or a national or resident of Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan or Syria or i
f you are on the U.S. Treasury Department's Specially Designated Nationals List or the U.S. Commerce Department's D
enied Persons List, Unverified List or Entity List or (2) you intend to supply the acquired goods, services or soft
ware to Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan or Syria (or a national or resident of one of these countries) or to a perso
n on the Specially Designated Nationals List, Denied Persons List, Unverified List or Entity List.
15.11 Governing Law and Venue. THESE TOS, AND ANY DISPUTES ARISING FROM THEM, WILL BE GOVERNED EXCLUSIVELY BY THE G
OVERNING LAW OF DELAWARE AND WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICTS OF LAWS RULES OR THE UNITED NATIONS CONVENTION ON THE INTE
RNATIONAL SALE OF GOODS. EACH PARTY CONSENTS AND SUBMITS TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF COURTS LOCATED WITHIN THE
 STATE OF DELAWARE.  EACH PARTY DOES HEREBY WAIVE HIS/HER/ITS RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY, TO PARTICIPATE AS THE MEMBE
R OF A CLASS IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS ACTION OR OTHER PROCEEDING OR TO NAME UNNAMED MEMBERS IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS AC
TION OR OTHER PROCEEDINGS. You acknowledge that any violation of the requirements under Section 4 (Ownership & Inte
llectual Property) or Section 7 (Confidential Information) may cause irreparable damage to Anaconda and that Anacon
da will be entitled to seek injunctive and other equitable or legal relief to prevent or compensate for such unauth
orized use.
15.12 California Residents. If you are a California resident, in accordance with Cal. Civ. Code subsection 1789.3,
you may report complaints to the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California D
epartment of Consumer Affairs by contacting them in writing at 1625 North Market Blvd., Suite N 112, Sacramento, CA
 95834, or by telephone at (800) 952-5210.
15.13 Notices. Any notice delivered by Anaconda to You under these TOS will be delivered via email, regular mail or
 postings on www.anaconda.com. Notices to Anaconda should be sent to Anaconda, Inc., Attn: Legal at 1108 Lavaca Str
eet, Suite 110-645 Austin, TX 78701 and legal@anaconda.com.
15.14 Publicity. Anaconda reserves the right to reference You as a customer and display your logo and name on our w
ebsite and other promotional materials for marketing purposes. Any display of your logo and name shall be in compli
ance with Your branding guidelines, if provided  by notice pursuant to Section 14.12 by You. Except as provided in
this Section 14.13 or by separate mutual written agreement, neither party will use the logo, name or trademarks of
the other party or refer to the other party in any form of publicity or press release without such party's prior wr
itten approval.
15.15 Force Majeure. Except for payment obligations, neither Party will be responsible for failure to perform its o
bligations due to an event or circumstances beyond its reasonable control.
15.16 No Waiver; Severability. Failure by either party to enforce any right under these TOS will not waive that rig
ht. If any portion of these TOS are not enforceable, it will not affect any other terms.
15.17 Electronic Signatures.  IF YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS FURTHER EVIDENCED BY YOUR AFFIRMATIVE ASSENT TO THE
 SAME (E.G., BY A "CHECK THE BOX" ACKNOWLEDGMENT PROCEDURE), THEN THAT AFFIRMATIVE ASSENT IS THE EQUIVALENT OF YOUR
 ELECTRONIC SIGNATURE TO THESE TERMS.  HOWEVER, FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, YOUR ELECTRONIC SIGNATURE IS NOT REQUIR
ED TO EVIDENCE OR FACILITATE YOUR ACCEPTANCE AND AGREEMENT TO THESE TERMS, AS YOU AGREE THAT THE CONDUCT DESCRIBED
IN THESE TOS AS RELATING TO YOUR ACCEPTANCE AND AGREEMENT TO THESE TERMS ALONE SUFFICES.

16. DEFINITIONS
"Affiliate" means any corporation or legal entity that directly or indirectly controls, or is controlled by, or is
under common control with the relevant party, where "control" means to: (a) own more than 50% of the relevant party
; or (b) be able to direct the affairs of the relevant party through any lawful means (e.g., a contract that allows
 control).
"Anaconda" "we" "our" or "us" means Anaconda, Inc. or its applicable Affiliate(s).
"Anaconda Content" means any:  Anaconda Content includes geographic and domain information, rules, signatures, thre
at intelligence and data feeds and Anaconda's compilation of suspicious URLs.
"Anaconda Partner" or "Partner" means an Anaconda authorized reseller, distributor or systems integrator authorized
 by Anaconda to sell Anaconda Offerings.
"Anaconda Offering" or "Offering" means the Anaconda Services, Anaconda software, Documentation, software developme
nt kits ("SDKs"), application programming interfaces ("APIs"), and any other items or services provided by Anaconda
 any Upgrades thereto under the terms of these TOS, the relevant Offering Descriptions, as identified in the releva
nt Order, and/or any updates thereto.
"Anaconda Proprietary Technology" means any software, code, tools, libraries, scripts, APIs, SDKs, templates, algor
ithms, data science recipes (including any source code for data science recipes and any modifications to such sourc
e code), data science workflows, user interfaces, links, proprietary methods and systems, know-how, trade secrets,
techniques, designs, inventions, and other tangible or intangible technical material, information and works of auth
orship underlying or otherwise used to make available the Anaconda Offerings including, without limitation, all Int
ellectual Property Rights therein and thereto.
"Anaconda Service" means Support Services and any other consultation or professional services provided by or on beh
alf of Anaconda under the terms of the Agreement, as identified in the applicable Order and/or SOW.
"Approved Source" means Anaconda or an Anaconda Partner.
"Anonymized Data" means any Personal Data (including Customer Personal Data) and data regarding usage trends and be
havior with respect to Offerings, that has been anonymized such that the Data Subject to whom it relates cannot be
identified, directly or indirectly, by Anaconda or any other party reasonably likely to receive or access that anon
ymized Personal Data or usage trends and behavior.
"Authorized Users" means Your Users, Your Affiliates who have been identified to Anaconda and approved, Your third-
party service providers, and each of their respective Users who are permitted to access and use the Anaconda Offeri
ng(s) on Your behalf as part of Your Order.
"Beta Offerings" Beta Offerings means any portion of the Offerings offered on a "beta" basis, as designated by Anac
onda, including but not limited to, products, plans, services, and platforms.
"Content" means Packages, components, applications, services, data, content, or resources, which are available for
download access or use through the Offerings, and owned by third-party providers, defined herein as Third Party Con
tent, or Anaconda, defined herein as Anaconda Content.
"Documentation" means the technical specifications and usage materials officially published by Anaconda specifying
the functionalities and capabilities of the applicable Anaconda Offerings.
"Educational Entities" means educational organizations, classroom learning environments, or academic instructional
organizations.
"Fees" mean the costs and fees for the Anaconda Offerings(s) set forth within the Order and/or SOW, or any fees due
 immediately when purchasing via the web-portal.
"Government Entities" means any body, board, department, commission, court, tribunal, authority, agency or other in
strumentality of any such government or otherwise exercising any executive, legislative, judicial, administrative o
r regulatory functions of any Federal, State, or local government (including multijurisdictional agencies, instrume
ntalities, and entities of such government)
"Internal Use" means Customer's use of an Offering for Customer's own internal operations, to perform Python/R data
 science and machine learning on a single platform from Customer's systems, networks, and devices. Such use does no
t include use on a service bureau basis or otherwise to provide services to, or process data for, any third party,
or otherwise use to monitor or service the systems, networks, and devices of third parties.
"Intellectual Property Rights" means any and all now known or hereafter existing worldwide: (a) rights associated w
ith works of authorship, including copyrights, mask work rights, and moral rights; (b) trademark or service mark ri
ghts; (c) Confidential Information, including trade secret rights; (d) patents, patent rights, and industrial prope
rty rights; (e) layout design rights, design rights, and other proprietary rights of every kind and nature other th
an trade dress, and similar rights; and (f) all registrations, applications, renewals, extensions, or reissues of t
he foregoing.
"Malicious Code" means code designed or intended to disable or impede the normal operation of, or provide unauthori
zed access to, networks, systems, Software or Cloud Services other than as intended by the Anaconda Offerings (for
example, as part of some of Anaconda's Security Offering(s).
"Mirror" or "Mirroring" means the unauthorized or authorized act of duplicating, copying, or replicating an Anacond
a Offering,  (e.g. repository, including its contents, files, and data),, from Anaconda's servers to another locati
on. If Mirroring is not performed under a site license, or by written authorization by Anaconda, the Mirroring cons
titutes a violation of Anaconda's Terms of Service and licensing agreements.
"Offering Description"' means a legally structured and detailed description outlining the features, specifications,
 terms, and conditions associated with a particular product, service, or offering made available to customers or us
ers. The Offering Description serves as a legally binding document that defines the scope of the offering, includin
g pricing, licensing terms, usage restrictions, and any additional terms and conditions.
"Order" or "Order Form"  means a legally binding document, website page, or electronic mail that outlines the speci
fic details of Your purchase of Anaconda Offerings or Anaconda Services, including but not limited to product speci
fications, pricing, quantities, and payment terms either issued by Anaconda or from an Approved Source.
"Personal Data" Refers to information falling within the definition of 'personal data' and/or 'personal information
' as outlined by Relevant Data Protection Regulations, such as a personal identifier (e.g., name, last name, and em
ail), financial information (e.g., bank account numbers) and online identifiers (e.g., IP addresses, geolocation.
"Relevant Data Protection Regulations" mean, as applicable, (a) Personal Information Protection and Electronic Docu
ments Act (S.C. 2000, c. 5) along with any supplementary or replacement bills enacted into law by the Government of
 Canada (collectively "PIPEDA"); (b) the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) and applicab
le laws by EU member states which either supplement or are necessary to implement the GDPR (collectively "GDPR"); (
c) the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (Cal. Civ. Code subsection 1798.198(a)), along with its various amen
dments (collectively "CCPA"); (d) the GDPR as applicable under section 3 of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 201
8 and as amended by the Data Protection, Privacy and Electronic Communications (Amendments etc.) (EU Exit) Regulati
ons 2019 (as amended) (collectively "UK GDPR"); (e) the Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection  of June 19, 1992 and
as it may be revised from time to time (the "FADP"); and (f) any other applicable law related to the protection of
Personal Data.
"Site License'' means a License that confers Customer the right to use Anaconda Offerings throughout an organizatio
n, encompassing authorized Users without requiring individual licensing arrangements. Site Licenses have limits bas
ed on company size as set forth in a relevant Order, and do not cover future assignment of Users through mergers an
d acquisitions unless otherwise specified in writing by Anaconda.
"Software" means the Anaconda Offerings, including Upgrades, firmware, and applicable Documentation.
"Subscription" means the payment of recurring Fees for accessing and using Anaconda's Software and/or an Anaconda S
ervice over a specified period. Your subscription grants you the right to utilize our products, receive updates, an
d access support, all in accordance with our terms and conditions for such Offering.
"Subscription Fees" means the costs and Fees associated with a Subscription.
"Support Services" means the support and maintenance services provided by Anaconda to You in accordance with the re
levant support and maintenance policy ("Support Policy") located at legal.anaconda.com/support-policy.
"Third Party Services" means external products, applications, or services provided by entities other than Anaconda.
 These services may be integrated with or used in conjunction with Anaconda's offerings but are not directly provid
ed or controlled by Anaconda.
"Upgrades" means all updates, upgrades, bug fixes, error corrections, enhancements and other modifications to the S
oftware.
"Usage Term" means the period commencing on the date of delivery and continuing until expiration or termination of
the Order, during which period You have the right to use the applicable Anaconda Offering.
"User"  means the individual, system (e.g. virtual machine, automated system, server-side container, etc.) or organ
ization that (a) has visited, downloaded or used the Offerings(s), (b) is using the Offering or any part of the Off
erings(s), or (c) directs the use of the Offerings(s) in the performance of its functions.
"Version" means the Offering configuration identified by a numeric representation, whether left or right of the dec
imal place.


OFFERING DESCRIPTION: MINICONDA


This Offering Description describes the Anaconda Premium Repository (hereinafter the "Premium Repository"). Your us
e of the Premium Repository is governed by this Offering Description, and the Anaconda Terms of Service (the "TOS",
 available at www.anaconda.com/legal), collectively the "Agreement" between you ("You") and Anaconda, Inc. ("We" or
 "Anaconda"). In the event of a conflict, the order of precedence is as follows: 1) this Offering Description; 2) i
f applicable, a Custom Agreement; and 3) the TOS if no Custom Agreement is in place. Capitalized terms used in this
 Offering Description and/or the Order not otherwise defined herein, including in Section 6 (Definitions), have the
 meaning given to them in the TOS or Custom Agreement, as applicable. Anaconda may, at any time, terminate this Agr
eement and the license granted hereunder if you fail to comply with any term of this Agreement. Anaconda reserves a
ll rights not expressly granted to you in this Agreement.




1. Miniconda. In order to access some features and functionalities of Business, You may need to first download and
install Miniconda.
2. Copyright Notice. Miniconda(R) (C) 2015-2024, Anaconda, Inc. All rights reserved under the 3-clause BSD License.
3. License Grant. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, Anaconda hereby grants You a non-exclusive, non-transfera
ble license to: (1) Install and use Miniconda(R); (2) Modify and create derivative works of sample source code deli
vered in Miniconda(R) subject to the Anaconda Terms of Service (available at https://legal.anaconda.com/policies/en
/?name=terms-of-service); and (3) Redistribute code files in source (if provided to You by Anaconda as source) and
binary forms, with or without modification subject to the requirements set forth below.
4. Updates. Anaconda may, at its option, make available patches, workarounds or other updates to Miniconda(R). Unle
ss the updates are provided with their separate governing terms, they are deemed part of Miniconda(R) licensed to Y
ou as provided in this Agreement.
5. Support. This Agreement does not entitle You to any support for Miniconda(R).
6. Redistribution. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted p
rovided that the following conditions are met: (1) Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright n
otice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer; (2) Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other mate
rials provided with the distribution.
7. Intellectual Property Notice. You acknowledge that, as between You and Anaconda, Anaconda owns all right, title,
 and interest, including all intellectual property rights, in and to Miniconda(R) and, with respect to third-party
products distributed with or through Miniconda(R), the applicable third-party licensors own all right, title and in
terest, including all intellectual property rights, in and to such products.


Do you accept the license terms? [yes|no]
>>>
Please answer 'yes' or 'no':'
>>> yes

Miniconda3 will now be installed into this location:
/home/tsegai/miniconda3

  - Press ENTER to confirm the location
  - Press CTRL-C to abort the installation
  - Or specify a different location below

[/home/tsegai/miniconda3] >>>
ERROR: File or directory already exists: '/home/tsegai/miniconda3'
If you want to update an existing installation, use the -u option.
(base) tsegai@groq-r01-gn-09:~$ export PYTHON_VERSION=3.10.12
conda create -n groqflow python=$PYTHON_VERSION -y
conda activate groqflow
Channels:
 - defaults
Platform: linux-64
Collecting package metadata (repodata.json): done
Solving environment: done

## Package Plan ##

  environment location: /home/tsegai/miniconda3/envs/groqflow

  added / updated specs:
    - python=3.10.12


The following NEW packages will be INSTALLED:

  _libgcc_mutex      pkgs/main/linux-64::_libgcc_mutex-0.1-main
  _openmp_mutex      pkgs/main/linux-64::_openmp_mutex-5.1-1_gnu
  bzip2              pkgs/main/linux-64::bzip2-1.0.8-h5eee18b_6
  ca-certificates    pkgs/main/linux-64::ca-certificates-2024.9.24-h06a4308_0
  ld_impl_linux-64   pkgs/main/linux-64::ld_impl_linux-64-2.40-h12ee557_0
  libffi             pkgs/main/linux-64::libffi-3.4.4-h6a678d5_1
  libgcc-ng          pkgs/main/linux-64::libgcc-ng-11.2.0-h1234567_1
  libgomp            pkgs/main/linux-64::libgomp-11.2.0-h1234567_1
  libstdcxx-ng       pkgs/main/linux-64::libstdcxx-ng-11.2.0-h1234567_1
  libuuid            pkgs/main/linux-64::libuuid-1.41.5-h5eee18b_0
  ncurses            pkgs/main/linux-64::ncurses-6.4-h6a678d5_0
  openssl            pkgs/main/linux-64::openssl-3.0.15-h5eee18b_0
  pip                pkgs/main/linux-64::pip-24.2-py310h06a4308_0
  python             pkgs/main/linux-64::python-3.10.12-h955ad1f_0
  readline           pkgs/main/linux-64::readline-8.2-h5eee18b_0
  setuptools         pkgs/main/linux-64::setuptools-75.1.0-py310h06a4308_0
  sqlite             pkgs/main/linux-64::sqlite-3.45.3-h5eee18b_0
  tk                 pkgs/main/linux-64::tk-8.6.14-h39e8969_0
  tzdata             pkgs/main/noarch::tzdata-2024b-h04d1e81_0
  wheel              pkgs/main/linux-64::wheel-0.44.0-py310h06a4308_0
  xz                 pkgs/main/linux-64::xz-5.4.6-h5eee18b_1
  zlib               pkgs/main/linux-64::zlib-1.2.13-h5eee18b_1



Downloading and Extracting Packages:

Preparing transaction: done
Verifying transaction: done
Executing transaction: done
#
# To activate this environment, use
#
#     $ conda activate groqflow
#
# To deactivate an active environment, use
#
#     $ conda deactivate

(groqflow) tsegai@groq-r01-gn-09:~$ git clone https://github.com/groq/groqflow.git
# Alter this if you have cloned groqflow to some other location.
cd ~/groqflow
if [ -d "groqflow.egg-info" ]; then rm -r groqflow.egg-info; fi
pip install --upgrade pip
pip list --format=freeze > frozen.txt
pip install -r frozen.txt -e .
pushd .
cd demo_helpers
if [ -d "groqflow_demo_helpers.egg-info" ]; then rm -r groqflow_demo_helpers.egg-info; fi
pip install -e .
popd
pip install soundfile
fatal: destination path 'groqflow' already exists and is not an empty directory.
Requirement already satisfied: pip in /home/tsegai/miniconda3/envs/groqflow/lib/python3.10/site-packages (24.2)
Collecting pip
  Using cached pip-24.3.1-py3-none-any.whl.metadata (3.7 kB)
Using cached pip-24.3.1-py3-none-any.whl (1.8 MB)
Installing collected packages: pip
  Attempting uninstall: pip
    Found existing installation: pip 24.2
    Uninstalling pip-24.2:
      Successfully uninstalled pip-24.2
Successfully installed pip-24.3.1
Obtaining file:///home/tsegai/groqflow
  Installing build dependencies ... done
  Checking if build backend supports build_editable ... done
  Getting requirements to build editable ... done
  Preparing editable metadata (pyproject.toml) ... done
Requirement already satisfied: ansicolors==1.1.8 in /opt/groq/runtime/site-packages (from -r frozen.txt (line 1)) (1.1.8)
Requirement already satisfied: bitstring==3.1.9 in /opt/groq/runtime/site-packages (from -r frozen.txt (line 2)) (3.1.9)
Requirement already satisfied: click==8.0.3 in /opt/groq/runtime/site-packages (from -r frozen.txt (line 3)) (8.0.3)
Requirement already satisfied: contourpy==1.2.0 in /opt/groq/runtime/site-packages (from -r frozen.txt (line 4)) (1.2.0)
Requirement already satisfied: crcmod==1.7 in /opt/groq/runtime/site-packages (from -r frozen.txt (line 5)) (1.7)
Requirement already satisfied: cycler==0.12.1 in /opt/groq/runtime/site-packages (from -r frozen.txt (line 6)) (0.12.1)
Requirement already satisfied: Deprecated==1.2.13 in /opt/groq/runtime/site-packages (from -r frozen.txt (line 7)) (1.2.13)
Requirement already satisfied: fonttools==4.49.0 in /opt/groq/runtime/site-packages (from -r frozen.txt (line 8)) (4.49.0)
Requirement already satisfied: groq-runtime==0.30 in /opt/groq/runtime/site-packages (from -r frozen.txt (line 9)) (0.30)
Requirement already satisfied: groq-systems==1.13.8 in /opt/groq/runtime/site-packages (from -r frozen.txt (line 10)) (1.13.8)
Requirement already satisfied: grpcio==1.53.2 in /opt/groq/runtime/site-packages (from -r frozen.txt (line 11)) (1.53.2)
Requirement already satisfied: grpcio-tools==1.42.0 in /opt/groq/runtime/site-packages (from -r frozen.txt (line 12)) (1.42.0)
Requirement already satisfied: host-daemon==0.1 in /opt/groq/runtime/site-packages (from -r frozen.txt (line 13)) (0.1)
Requirement already satisfied: imageio==2.21.0 in /opt/groq/runtime/site-packages (from -r frozen.txt (line 14)) (2.21.0)
Requirement already satisfied: kiwisolver==1.4.5 in /opt/groq/runtime/site-packages (from -r frozen.txt (line 15)) (1.4.5)
Requirement already satisfied: matplotlib==3.8.3 in /opt/groq/runtime/site-packages (from -r frozen.txt (line 16)) (3.8.3)
Requirement already satisfied: mpi4py==3.1.3 in /opt/groq/runtime/site-packages (from -r frozen.txt (line 17)) (3.1.3)
Requirement already satisfied: networkx==3.2.1 in /opt/groq/runtime/site-packages (from -r frozen.txt (line 18)) (3.2.1)
Requirement already satisfied: numa==1.4.6 in /opt/groq/runtime/site-packages (from -r frozen.txt (line 19)) (1.4.6)
Requirement already satisfied: numpy==1.21.6 in /opt/groq/runtime/site-packages (from -r frozen.txt (line 20)) (1.21.6)
Requirement already satisfied: ordered-set==4.0.2 in /opt/groq/runtime/site-packages (from -r frozen.txt (line 21)) (4.0.2)
Requirement already satisfied: packaging==23.2 in /opt/groq/runtime/site-packages (from -r frozen.txt (line 22)) (23.2)
Requirement already satisfied: parse==1.19.0 in /opt/groq/runtime/site-packages (from -r frozen.txt (line 23)) (1.19.0)
Requirement already satisfied: parsimonious==0.8.1 in /opt/groq/runtime/site-packages (from -r frozen.txt (line 24)) (0.8.1)
Requirement already satisfied: pillow==10.2.0 in /opt/groq/runtime/site-packages (from -r frozen.txt (line 25)) (10.2.0)
Requirement already satisfied: pip==24.3.1 in /home/tsegai/miniconda3/envs/groqflow/lib/python3.10/site-packages (from -r frozen.txt (line 26)) (24.3.1)
Requirement already satisfied: protobuf==3.20.3 in /opt/groq/runtime/site-packages (from -r frozen.txt (line 27)) (3.20.3)
Requirement already satisfied: pycryptodome==3.11.0 in /opt/groq/runtime/site-packages (from -r frozen.txt (line 28)) (3.11.0)
Requirement already satisfied: pyftdi==0.53.3 in /opt/groq/runtime/site-packages (from -r frozen.txt (line 29)) (0.53.3)
Requirement already satisfied: pyparsing==3.1.1 in /opt/groq/runtime/site-packages (from -r frozen.txt (line 30)) (3.1.1)
Requirement already satisfied: pyserial==3.5 in /opt/groq/runtime/site-packages (from -r frozen.txt (line 31)) (3.5)
Requirement already satisfied: python-dateutil==2.8.2 in /opt/groq/runtime/site-packages (from -r frozen.txt (line 32)) (2.8.2)
Requirement already satisfied: pyusb==1.2.1 in /opt/groq/runtime/site-packages (from -r frozen.txt (line 33)) (1.2.1)
Requirement already satisfied: PyWavelets==1.4.1 in /opt/groq/runtime/site-packages (from -r frozen.txt (line 34)) (1.4.1)
Requirement already satisfied: PyYAML==5.4.1 in /opt/groq/runtime/site-packages (from -r frozen.txt (line 35)) (5.4.1)
Requirement already satisfied: scikit-image==0.18.3 in /opt/groq/runtime/site-packages (from -r frozen.txt (line 36)) (0.18.3)
Requirement already satisfied: scipy==1.8.0 in /opt/groq/runtime/site-packages (from -r frozen.txt (line 37)) (1.8.0)
Requirement already satisfied: setuptools==57.2.0 in /opt/groq/runtime/site-packages (from -r frozen.txt (line 38)) (57.2.0)
Requirement already satisfied: six==1.16.0 in /opt/groq/runtime/site-packages (from -r frozen.txt (line 39)) (1.16.0)
Requirement already satisfied: tifffile==2024.2.12 in /opt/groq/runtime/site-packages (from -r frozen.txt (line 40)) (2024.2.12)
Requirement already satisfied: typing_extensions==4.9.0 in /opt/groq/runtime/site-packages (from -r frozen.txt (line 41)) (4.9.0)
Requirement already satisfied: wheel==0.36.2 in /opt/groq/runtime/site-packages (from -r frozen.txt (line 42)) (0.36.2)
Requirement already satisfied: wrapt==1.16.0 in /opt/groq/runtime/site-packages (from -r frozen.txt (line 43)) (1.16.0)
Collecting mlagility==3.3.1 (from groqflow==4.3.1)
  Using cached mlagility-3.3.1-py3-none-any.whl.metadata (6.1 kB)
Collecting onnx==1.14.0 (from groqflow==4.3.1)
  Using cached onnx-1.14.0-cp310-cp310-manylinux_2_17_x86_64.manylinux2014_x86_64.whl.metadata (15 kB)
Collecting onnxruntime==1.15.1 (from groqflow==4.3.1)
  Using cached onnxruntime-1.15.1-cp310-cp310-manylinux_2_17_x86_64.manylinux2014_x86_64.whl.metadata (4.0 kB)
Collecting scikit-learn==1.1.1 (from groqflow==4.3.1)
  Using cached scikit_learn-1.1.1-cp310-cp310-manylinux_2_17_x86_64.manylinux2014_x86_64.whl.metadata (10 kB)
Collecting torch==2.1.0 (from groqflow==4.3.1)
  Using cached torch-2.1.0-cp310-cp310-manylinux1_x86_64.whl.metadata (25 kB)
Collecting typeguard==4.0.0 (from groqflow==4.3.1)
  Using cached typeguard-4.0.0-py3-none-any.whl.metadata (3.6 kB)
Collecting invoke>=2.0.0 (from mlagility==3.3.1->groqflow==4.3.1)
  Using cached invoke-2.2.0-py3-none-any.whl.metadata (3.3 kB)
Collecting onnxmltools==1.11.2 (from mlagility==3.3.1->groqflow==4.3.1)
  Using cached onnxmltools-1.11.2-py2.py3-none-any.whl.metadata (9.2 kB)
Collecting hummingbird-ml==0.4.4 (from mlagility==3.3.1->groqflow==4.3.1)
  Using cached hummingbird_ml-0.4.4-py2.py3-none-any.whl.metadata (10 kB)
Collecting xgboost==1.6.1 (from mlagility==3.3.1->groqflow==4.3.1)
  Using cached xgboost-1.6.1-py3-none-manylinux2014_x86_64.whl.metadata (1.8 kB)
Collecting lightgbm==3.3.5 (from mlagility==3.3.1->groqflow==4.3.1)
  Using cached lightgbm-3.3.5-py3-none-manylinux1_x86_64.whl.metadata (15 kB)
Collecting paramiko==2.11.0 (from mlagility==3.3.1->groqflow==4.3.1)
  Using cached paramiko-2.11.0-py2.py3-none-any.whl.metadata (4.6 kB)
Collecting torchvision==0.16.0 (from mlagility==3.3.1->groqflow==4.3.1)
  Using cached torchvision-0.16.0-cp310-cp310-manylinux1_x86_64.whl.metadata (6.6 kB)
Collecting pandas>=1.5.3 (from mlagility==3.3.1->groqflow==4.3.1)
  Using cached pandas-2.2.3-cp310-cp310-manylinux_2_17_x86_64.manylinux2014_x86_64.whl.metadata (89 kB)
Collecting fasteners (from mlagility==3.3.1->groqflow==4.3.1)
  Using cached fasteners-0.19-py3-none-any.whl.metadata (4.9 kB)
Collecting coloredlogs (from onnxruntime==1.15.1->groqflow==4.3.1)
  Using cached coloredlogs-15.0.1-py2.py3-none-any.whl.metadata (12 kB)
Collecting flatbuffers (from onnxruntime==1.15.1->groqflow==4.3.1)
  Using cached flatbuffers-24.3.25-py2.py3-none-any.whl.metadata (850 bytes)
Collecting sympy (from onnxruntime==1.15.1->groqflow==4.3.1)
  Using cached sympy-1.13.3-py3-none-any.whl.metadata (12 kB)
Collecting joblib>=1.0.0 (from scikit-learn==1.1.1->groqflow==4.3.1)
  Using cached joblib-1.4.2-py3-none-any.whl.metadata (5.4 kB)
Collecting threadpoolctl>=2.0.0 (from scikit-learn==1.1.1->groqflow==4.3.1)
  Using cached threadpoolctl-3.5.0-py3-none-any.whl.metadata (13 kB)
Collecting filelock (from torch==2.1.0->groqflow==4.3.1)
  Using cached filelock-3.16.1-py3-none-any.whl.metadata (2.9 kB)
Collecting jinja2 (from torch==2.1.0->groqflow==4.3.1)
  Using cached jinja2-3.1.4-py3-none-any.whl.metadata (2.6 kB)
Collecting fsspec (from torch==2.1.0->groqflow==4.3.1)
  Using cached fsspec-2024.10.0-py3-none-any.whl.metadata (11 kB)
Collecting nvidia-cuda-nvrtc-cu12==12.1.105 (from torch==2.1.0->groqflow==4.3.1)
  Using cached nvidia_cuda_nvrtc_cu12-12.1.105-py3-none-manylinux1_x86_64.whl.metadata (1.5 kB)
Collecting nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu12==12.1.105 (from torch==2.1.0->groqflow==4.3.1)
  Using cached nvidia_cuda_runtime_cu12-12.1.105-py3-none-manylinux1_x86_64.whl.metadata (1.5 kB)
Collecting nvidia-cuda-cupti-cu12==12.1.105 (from torch==2.1.0->groqflow==4.3.1)
  Using cached nvidia_cuda_cupti_cu12-12.1.105-py3-none-manylinux1_x86_64.whl.metadata (1.6 kB)
Collecting nvidia-cudnn-cu12==8.9.2.26 (from torch==2.1.0->groqflow==4.3.1)
  Using cached nvidia_cudnn_cu12-8.9.2.26-py3-none-manylinux1_x86_64.whl.metadata (1.6 kB)
Collecting nvidia-cublas-cu12==12.1.3.1 (from torch==2.1.0->groqflow==4.3.1)
  Using cached nvidia_cublas_cu12-12.1.3.1-py3-none-manylinux1_x86_64.whl.metadata (1.5 kB)
Collecting nvidia-cufft-cu12==11.0.2.54 (from torch==2.1.0->groqflow==4.3.1)
  Using cached nvidia_cufft_cu12-11.0.2.54-py3-none-manylinux1_x86_64.whl.metadata (1.5 kB)
Collecting nvidia-curand-cu12==10.3.2.106 (from torch==2.1.0->groqflow==4.3.1)
  Using cached nvidia_curand_cu12-10.3.2.106-py3-none-manylinux1_x86_64.whl.metadata (1.5 kB)
Collecting nvidia-cusolver-cu12==11.4.5.107 (from torch==2.1.0->groqflow==4.3.1)
  Using cached nvidia_cusolver_cu12-11.4.5.107-py3-none-manylinux1_x86_64.whl.metadata (1.6 kB)
Collecting nvidia-cusparse-cu12==12.1.0.106 (from torch==2.1.0->groqflow==4.3.1)
  Using cached nvidia_cusparse_cu12-12.1.0.106-py3-none-manylinux1_x86_64.whl.metadata (1.6 kB)
Collecting nvidia-nccl-cu12==2.18.1 (from torch==2.1.0->groqflow==4.3.1)
  Using cached nvidia_nccl_cu12-2.18.1-py3-none-manylinux1_x86_64.whl.metadata (1.8 kB)
Collecting nvidia-nvtx-cu12==12.1.105 (from torch==2.1.0->groqflow==4.3.1)
  Using cached nvidia_nvtx_cu12-12.1.105-py3-none-manylinux1_x86_64.whl.metadata (1.7 kB)
Collecting triton==2.1.0 (from torch==2.1.0->groqflow==4.3.1)
  Using cached triton-2.1.0-0-cp310-cp310-manylinux2014_x86_64.manylinux_2_17_x86_64.whl.metadata (1.3 kB)
Collecting onnxconverter-common>=1.6.0 (from hummingbird-ml==0.4.4->mlagility==3.3.1->groqflow==4.3.1)
  Using cached onnxconverter_common-1.14.0-py2.py3-none-any.whl.metadata (4.2 kB)
Collecting psutil (from hummingbird-ml==0.4.4->mlagility==3.3.1->groqflow==4.3.1)
  Using cached psutil-6.1.0-cp36-abi3-manylinux_2_12_x86_64.manylinux2010_x86_64.manylinux_2_17_x86_64.manylinux2014_x86_64.whl.metadata (22 kB)
Collecting dill (from hummingbird-ml==0.4.4->mlagility==3.3.1->groqflow==4.3.1)
  Using cached dill-0.3.9-py3-none-any.whl.metadata (10 kB)
Collecting nvidia-nvjitlink-cu12 (from nvidia-cusolver-cu12==11.4.5.107->torch==2.1.0->groqflow==4.3.1)
  Using cached nvidia_nvjitlink_cu12-12.6.77-py3-none-manylinux2014_x86_64.whl.metadata (1.5 kB)
Collecting skl2onnx (from onnxmltools==1.11.2->mlagility==3.3.1->groqflow==4.3.1)
  Using cached skl2onnx-1.17.0-py2.py3-none-any.whl.metadata (3.2 kB)
Collecting bcrypt>=3.1.3 (from paramiko==2.11.0->mlagility==3.3.1->groqflow==4.3.1)
  Using cached bcrypt-4.2.0-cp39-abi3-manylinux_2_28_x86_64.whl.metadata (9.6 kB)
Collecting cryptography>=2.5 (from paramiko==2.11.0->mlagility==3.3.1->groqflow==4.3.1)
  Using cached cryptography-43.0.3-cp39-abi3-manylinux_2_28_x86_64.whl.metadata (5.4 kB)
Collecting pynacl>=1.0.1 (from paramiko==2.11.0->mlagility==3.3.1->groqflow==4.3.1)
  Using cached PyNaCl-1.5.0-cp36-abi3-manylinux_2_17_x86_64.manylinux2014_x86_64.manylinux_2_24_x86_64.whl.metadata (8.6 kB)
Collecting requests (from torchvision==0.16.0->mlagility==3.3.1->groqflow==4.3.1)
  Using cached requests-2.32.3-py3-none-any.whl.metadata (4.6 kB)
INFO: pip is looking at multiple versions of pandas to determine which version is compatible with other requirements. This could take a while.
Collecting pandas>=1.5.3 (from mlagility==3.3.1->groqflow==4.3.1)
  Using cached pandas-2.2.2-cp310-cp310-manylinux_2_17_x86_64.manylinux2014_x86_64.whl.metadata (19 kB)
  Using cached pandas-2.2.1-cp310-cp310-manylinux_2_17_x86_64.manylinux2014_x86_64.whl.metadata (19 kB)
  Using cached pandas-2.2.0-cp310-cp310-manylinux_2_17_x86_64.manylinux2014_x86_64.whl.metadata (19 kB)
  Using cached pandas-2.1.4-cp310-cp310-manylinux_2_17_x86_64.manylinux2014_x86_64.whl.metadata (18 kB)
  Using cached pandas-2.1.3-cp310-cp310-manylinux_2_17_x86_64.manylinux2014_x86_64.whl.metadata (18 kB)
  Using cached pandas-2.1.2-cp310-cp310-manylinux_2_17_x86_64.manylinux2014_x86_64.whl.metadata (18 kB)
  Using cached pandas-2.1.1-cp310-cp310-manylinux_2_17_x86_64.manylinux2014_x86_64.whl.metadata (18 kB)
INFO: pip is still looking at multiple versions of pandas to determine which version is compatible with other requirements. This could take a while.
  Using cached pandas-2.1.0-cp310-cp310-manylinux_2_17_x86_64.manylinux2014_x86_64.whl.metadata (18 kB)
  Using cached pandas-2.0.3-cp310-cp310-manylinux_2_17_x86_64.manylinux2014_x86_64.whl.metadata (18 kB)
Collecting pytz>=2020.1 (from pandas>=1.5.3->mlagility==3.3.1->groqflow==4.3.1)
  Using cached pytz-2024.2-py2.py3-none-any.whl.metadata (22 kB)
Collecting tzdata>=2022.1 (from pandas>=1.5.3->mlagility==3.3.1->groqflow==4.3.1)
  Using cached tzdata-2024.2-py2.py3-none-any.whl.metadata (1.4 kB)
Collecting humanfriendly>=9.1 (from coloredlogs->onnxruntime==1.15.1->groqflow==4.3.1)
  Using cached humanfriendly-10.0-py2.py3-none-any.whl.metadata (9.2 kB)
Collecting MarkupSafe>=2.0 (from jinja2->torch==2.1.0->groqflow==4.3.1)
  Using cached MarkupSafe-3.0.2-cp310-cp310-manylinux_2_17_x86_64.manylinux2014_x86_64.whl.metadata (4.0 kB)
Collecting mpmath<1.4,>=1.1.0 (from sympy->onnxruntime==1.15.1->groqflow==4.3.1)
  Using cached mpmath-1.3.0-py3-none-any.whl.metadata (8.6 kB)
Collecting cffi>=1.12 (from cryptography>=2.5->paramiko==2.11.0->mlagility==3.3.1->groqflow==4.3.1)
  Using cached cffi-1.17.1-cp310-cp310-manylinux_2_17_x86_64.manylinux2014_x86_64.whl.metadata (1.5 kB)
INFO: pip is looking at multiple versions of onnxconverter-common to determine which version is compatible with other requirements. This could take a while.
Collecting onnxconverter-common>=1.6.0 (from hummingbird-ml==0.4.4->mlagility==3.3.1->groqflow==4.3.1)
  Using cached onnxconverter_common-1.13.0-py2.py3-none-any.whl.metadata (2.6 kB)
Collecting charset-normalizer<4,>=2 (from requests->torchvision==0.16.0->mlagility==3.3.1->groqflow==4.3.1)
  Using cached charset_normalizer-3.4.0-cp310-cp310-manylinux_2_17_x86_64.manylinux2014_x86_64.whl.metadata (34 kB)
Collecting idna<4,>=2.5 (from requests->torchvision==0.16.0->mlagility==3.3.1->groqflow==4.3.1)
  Using cached idna-3.10-py3-none-any.whl.metadata (10 kB)
Collecting urllib3<3,>=1.21.1 (from requests->torchvision==0.16.0->mlagility==3.3.1->groqflow==4.3.1)
  Using cached urllib3-2.2.3-py3-none-any.whl.metadata (6.5 kB)
Collecting certifi>=2017.4.17 (from requests->torchvision==0.16.0->mlagility==3.3.1->groqflow==4.3.1)
  Using cached certifi-2024.8.30-py3-none-any.whl.metadata (2.2 kB)
Collecting pycparser (from cffi>=1.12->cryptography>=2.5->paramiko==2.11.0->mlagility==3.3.1->groqflow==4.3.1)
  Using cached pycparser-2.22-py3-none-any.whl.metadata (943 bytes)
Using cached mlagility-3.3.1-py3-none-any.whl (1.2 MB)
Using cached onnx-1.14.0-cp310-cp310-manylinux_2_17_x86_64.manylinux2014_x86_64.whl (14.6 MB)
Using cached onnxruntime-1.15.1-cp310-cp310-manylinux_2_17_x86_64.manylinux2014_x86_64.whl (5.9 MB)
Using cached scikit_learn-1.1.1-cp310-cp310-manylinux_2_17_x86_64.manylinux2014_x86_64.whl (30.4 MB)
Using cached torch-2.1.0-cp310-cp310-manylinux1_x86_64.whl (670.2 MB)
Using cached typeguard-4.0.0-py3-none-any.whl (33 kB)
Using cached hummingbird_ml-0.4.4-py2.py3-none-any.whl (181 kB)
Using cached lightgbm-3.3.5-py3-none-manylinux1_x86_64.whl (2.0 MB)
Using cached nvidia_cublas_cu12-12.1.3.1-py3-none-manylinux1_x86_64.whl (410.6 MB)
Using cached nvidia_cuda_cupti_cu12-12.1.105-py3-none-manylinux1_x86_64.whl (14.1 MB)
Using cached nvidia_cuda_nvrtc_cu12-12.1.105-py3-none-manylinux1_x86_64.whl (23.7 MB)
Using cached nvidia_cuda_runtime_cu12-12.1.105-py3-none-manylinux1_x86_64.whl (823 kB)
Using cached nvidia_cudnn_cu12-8.9.2.26-py3-none-manylinux1_x86_64.whl (731.7 MB)
Using cached nvidia_cufft_cu12-11.0.2.54-py3-none-manylinux1_x86_64.whl (121.6 MB)
Using cached nvidia_curand_cu12-10.3.2.106-py3-none-manylinux1_x86_64.whl (56.5 MB)
Using cached nvidia_cusolver_cu12-11.4.5.107-py3-none-manylinux1_x86_64.whl (124.2 MB)
Using cached nvidia_cusparse_cu12-12.1.0.106-py3-none-manylinux1_x86_64.whl (196.0 MB)
Using cached nvidia_nccl_cu12-2.18.1-py3-none-manylinux1_x86_64.whl (209.8 MB)
Using cached nvidia_nvtx_cu12-12.1.105-py3-none-manylinux1_x86_64.whl (99 kB)
Using cached onnxmltools-1.11.2-py2.py3-none-any.whl (322 kB)
Using cached paramiko-2.11.0-py2.py3-none-any.whl (212 kB)
Using cached torchvision-0.16.0-cp310-cp310-manylinux1_x86_64.whl (6.9 MB)
Using cached triton-2.1.0-0-cp310-cp310-manylinux2014_x86_64.manylinux_2_17_x86_64.whl (89.2 MB)
Using cached xgboost-1.6.1-py3-none-manylinux2014_x86_64.whl (192.9 MB)
Using cached invoke-2.2.0-py3-none-any.whl (160 kB)
Using cached joblib-1.4.2-py3-none-any.whl (301 kB)
Using cached pandas-2.0.3-cp310-cp310-manylinux_2_17_x86_64.manylinux2014_x86_64.whl (12.3 MB)
Using cached threadpoolctl-3.5.0-py3-none-any.whl (18 kB)
Using cached coloredlogs-15.0.1-py2.py3-none-any.whl (46 kB)
Using cached fasteners-0.19-py3-none-any.whl (18 kB)
Using cached filelock-3.16.1-py3-none-any.whl (16 kB)
Using cached flatbuffers-24.3.25-py2.py3-none-any.whl (26 kB)
Using cached fsspec-2024.10.0-py3-none-any.whl (179 kB)
Using cached jinja2-3.1.4-py3-none-any.whl (133 kB)
Using cached sympy-1.13.3-py3-none-any.whl (6.2 MB)
Using cached bcrypt-4.2.0-cp39-abi3-manylinux_2_28_x86_64.whl (273 kB)
Using cached cryptography-43.0.3-cp39-abi3-manylinux_2_28_x86_64.whl (4.0 MB)
Using cached humanfriendly-10.0-py2.py3-none-any.whl (86 kB)
Using cached MarkupSafe-3.0.2-cp310-cp310-manylinux_2_17_x86_64.manylinux2014_x86_64.whl (20 kB)
Using cached mpmath-1.3.0-py3-none-any.whl (536 kB)
Using cached onnxconverter_common-1.13.0-py2.py3-none-any.whl (83 kB)
Using cached PyNaCl-1.5.0-cp36-abi3-manylinux_2_17_x86_64.manylinux2014_x86_64.manylinux_2_24_x86_64.whl (856 kB)
Using cached pytz-2024.2-py2.py3-none-any.whl (508 kB)
Using cached tzdata-2024.2-py2.py3-none-any.whl (346 kB)
Using cached dill-0.3.9-py3-none-any.whl (119 kB)
Using cached nvidia_nvjitlink_cu12-12.6.77-py3-none-manylinux2014_x86_64.whl (19.7 MB)
Using cached psutil-6.1.0-cp36-abi3-manylinux_2_12_x86_64.manylinux2010_x86_64.manylinux_2_17_x86_64.manylinux2014_x86_64.whl (287 kB)
Using cached requests-2.32.3-py3-none-any.whl (64 kB)
Using cached skl2onnx-1.17.0-py2.py3-none-any.whl (298 kB)
Using cached certifi-2024.8.30-py3-none-any.whl (167 kB)
Using cached cffi-1.17.1-cp310-cp310-manylinux_2_17_x86_64.manylinux2014_x86_64.whl (446 kB)
Using cached charset_normalizer-3.4.0-cp310-cp310-manylinux_2_17_x86_64.manylinux2014_x86_64.whl (144 kB)
Using cached idna-3.10-py3-none-any.whl (70 kB)
Using cached urllib3-2.2.3-py3-none-any.whl (126 kB)
Using cached pycparser-2.22-py3-none-any.whl (117 kB)
Building wheels for collected packages: groqflow
  Building editable for groqflow (pyproject.toml) ... done
  Created wheel for groqflow: filename=groqflow-4.3.1-0.editable-py3-none-any.whl size=3824 sha256=6d3228075627aa9c722c5d3a11b28f5d8e389f0e4d674d25a29d4eae07df493b
  Stored in directory: /tmp/pip-ephem-wheel-cache-o6n3nywj/wheels/85/1b/92/3b415f0546417f6af2741c1bdb139837edd800a17656d92ac9
Successfully built groqflow
Installing collected packages: pytz, mpmath, flatbuffers, urllib3, tzdata, typeguard, threadpoolctl, sympy, pycparser, psutil, onnx, nvidia-nvtx-cu12, nvidia-nvjitlink-cu12, nvidia-nccl-cu12, nvidia-curand-cu12, nvidia-cufft-cu12, nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu12, nvidia-cuda-nvrtc-cu12, nvidia-cuda-cupti-cu12, nvidia-cublas-cu12, MarkupSafe, joblib, invoke, idna, humanfriendly, fsspec, filelock, fasteners, dill, charset-normalizer, certifi, bcrypt, xgboost, triton, scikit-learn, requests, pandas, onnxconverter-common, nvidia-cusparse-cu12, nvidia-cudnn-cu12, jinja2, coloredlogs, cffi, skl2onnx, pynacl, onnxruntime, nvidia-cusolver-cu12, lightgbm, cryptography, torch, paramiko, onnxmltools, torchvision, hummingbird-ml, mlagility, groqflow
Successfully installed MarkupSafe-3.0.2 bcrypt-4.2.0 certifi-2024.8.30 cffi-1.17.1 charset-normalizer-3.4.0 coloredlogs-15.0.1 cryptography-43.0.3 dill-0.3.9 fasteners-0.19 filelock-3.16.1 flatbuffers-24.3.25 fsspec-2024.10.0 groqflow-4.3.1 humanfriendly-10.0 hummingbird-ml-0.4.4 idna-3.10 invoke-2.2.0 jinja2-3.1.4 joblib-1.4.2 lightgbm-3.3.5 mlagility-3.3.1 mpmath-1.3.0 nvidia-cublas-cu12-12.1.3.1 nvidia-cuda-cupti-cu12-12.1.105 nvidia-cuda-nvrtc-cu12-12.1.105 nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu12-12.1.105 nvidia-cudnn-cu12-8.9.2.26 nvidia-cufft-cu12-11.0.2.54 nvidia-curand-cu12-10.3.2.106 nvidia-cusolver-cu12-11.4.5.107 nvidia-cusparse-cu12-12.1.0.106 nvidia-nccl-cu12-2.18.1 nvidia-nvjitlink-cu12-12.6.77 nvidia-nvtx-cu12-12.1.105 onnx-1.14.0 onnxconverter-common-1.13.0 onnxmltools-1.11.2 onnxruntime-1.15.1 pandas-2.0.3 paramiko-2.11.0 psutil-6.1.0 pycparser-2.22 pynacl-1.5.0 pytz-2024.2 requests-2.32.3 scikit-learn-1.1.1 skl2onnx-1.17.0 sympy-1.13.3 threadpoolctl-3.5.0 torch-2.1.0 torchvision-0.16.0 triton-2.1.0 typeguard-4.0.0 tzdata-2024.2 urllib3-2.2.3 xgboost-1.6.1
~/groqflow ~/groqflow
Obtaining file:///home/tsegai/groqflow/demo_helpers
  Preparing metadata (setup.py) ... done
Collecting charset-normalizer==3.3.2 (from groqflow-demo-helpers==0.2.0)
  Using cached charset_normalizer-3.3.2-cp310-cp310-manylinux_2_17_x86_64.manylinux2014_x86_64.whl.metadata (33 kB)
Collecting transformers>=4.20.0 (from groqflow-demo-helpers==0.2.0)
  Using cached transformers-4.46.2-py3-none-any.whl.metadata (44 kB)
Collecting datasets>=2.3.2 (from groqflow-demo-helpers==0.2.0)
  Using cached datasets-3.1.0-py3-none-any.whl.metadata (20 kB)
Collecting prettytable>=3.3.0 (from groqflow-demo-helpers==0.2.0)
  Using cached prettytable-3.12.0-py3-none-any.whl.metadata (30 kB)
Collecting wget>=3.2 (from groqflow-demo-helpers==0.2.0)
  Using cached wget-3.2-py3-none-any.whl
Requirement already satisfied: setuptools==57.2.0 in /opt/groq/runtime/site-packages (from groqflow-demo-helpers==0.2.0) (57.2.0)
Requirement already satisfied: torchvision==0.16.0 in /home/tsegai/miniconda3/envs/groqflow/lib/python3.10/site-packages (from groqflow-demo-helpers==0.2.0) (0.16.0)
Collecting torchaudio==2.1.0 (from groqflow-demo-helpers==0.2.0)
  Using cached torchaudio-2.1.0-cp310-cp310-manylinux1_x86_64.whl.metadata (5.7 kB)
Collecting path>=16.4.0 (from groqflow-demo-helpers==0.2.0)
  Using cached path-17.0.0-py3-none-any.whl.metadata (6.4 kB)
Requirement already satisfied: torch==2.1.0 in /home/tsegai/miniconda3/envs/groqflow/lib/python3.10/site-packages (from torchaudio==2.1.0->groqflow-demo-helpers==0.2.0) (2.1.0)
Requirement already satisfied: numpy in /opt/groq/runtime/site-packages (from torchvision==0.16.0->groqflow-demo-helpers==0.2.0) (1.21.6)
Requirement already satisfied: requests in /home/tsegai/miniconda3/envs/groqflow/lib/python3.10/site-packages (from torchvision==0.16.0->groqflow-demo-helpers==0.2.0) (2.32.3)
Requirement already satisfied: pillow!=8.3.*,>=5.3.0 in /opt/groq/runtime/site-packages (from torchvision==0.16.0->groqflow-demo-helpers==0.2.0) (10.2.0)
Requirement already satisfied: filelock in /home/tsegai/miniconda3/envs/groqflow/lib/python3.10/site-packages (from torch==2.1.0->torchaudio==2.1.0->groqflow-demo-helpers==0.2.0) (3.16.1)
Requirement already satisfied: typing-extensions in /opt/groq/runtime/site-packages (from torch==2.1.0->torchaudio==2.1.0->groqflow-demo-helpers==0.2.0) (4.9.0)
Requirement already satisfied: sympy in /home/tsegai/miniconda3/envs/groqflow/lib/python3.10/site-packages (from torch==2.1.0->torchaudio==2.1.0->groqflow-demo-helpers==0.2.0) (1.13.3)
Requirement already satisfied: networkx in /opt/groq/runtime/site-packages (from torch==2.1.0->torchaudio==2.1.0->groqflow-demo-helpers==0.2.0) (3.2.1)
Requirement already satisfied: jinja2 in /home/tsegai/miniconda3/envs/groqflow/lib/python3.10/site-packages (from torch==2.1.0->torchaudio==2.1.0->groqflow-demo-helpers==0.2.0) (3.1.4)
Requirement already satisfied: fsspec in /home/tsegai/miniconda3/envs/groqflow/lib/python3.10/site-packages (from torch==2.1.0->torchaudio==2.1.0->groqflow-demo-helpers==0.2.0) (2024.10.0)
Requirement already satisfied: nvidia-cuda-nvrtc-cu12==12.1.105 in /home/tsegai/miniconda3/envs/groqflow/lib/python3.10/site-packages (from torch==2.1.0->torchaudio==2.1.0->groqflow-demo-helpers==0.2.0) (12.1.105)
Requirement already satisfied: nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu12==12.1.105 in /home/tsegai/miniconda3/envs/groqflow/lib/python3.10/site-packages (from torch==2.1.0->torchaudio==2.1.0->groqflow-demo-helpers==0.2.0) (12.1.105)
Requirement already satisfied: nvidia-cuda-cupti-cu12==12.1.105 in /home/tsegai/miniconda3/envs/groqflow/lib/python3.10/site-packages (from torch==2.1.0->torchaudio==2.1.0->groqflow-demo-helpers==0.2.0) (12.1.105)
Requirement already satisfied: nvidia-cudnn-cu12==8.9.2.26 in /home/tsegai/miniconda3/envs/groqflow/lib/python3.10/site-packages (from torch==2.1.0->torchaudio==2.1.0->groqflow-demo-helpers==0.2.0) (8.9.2.26)
Requirement already satisfied: nvidia-cublas-cu12==12.1.3.1 in /home/tsegai/miniconda3/envs/groqflow/lib/python3.10/site-packages (from torch==2.1.0->torchaudio==2.1.0->groqflow-demo-helpers==0.2.0) (12.1.3.1)
Requirement already satisfied: nvidia-cufft-cu12==11.0.2.54 in /home/tsegai/miniconda3/envs/groqflow/lib/python3.10/site-packages (from torch==2.1.0->torchaudio==2.1.0->groqflow-demo-helpers==0.2.0) (11.0.2.54)
Requirement already satisfied: nvidia-curand-cu12==10.3.2.106 in /home/tsegai/miniconda3/envs/groqflow/lib/python3.10/site-packages (from torch==2.1.0->torchaudio==2.1.0->groqflow-demo-helpers==0.2.0) (10.3.2.106)
Requirement already satisfied: nvidia-cusolver-cu12==11.4.5.107 in /home/tsegai/miniconda3/envs/groqflow/lib/python3.10/site-packages (from torch==2.1.0->torchaudio==2.1.0->groqflow-demo-helpers==0.2.0) (11.4.5.107)
Requirement already satisfied: nvidia-cusparse-cu12==12.1.0.106 in /home/tsegai/miniconda3/envs/groqflow/lib/python3.10/site-packages (from torch==2.1.0->torchaudio==2.1.0->groqflow-demo-helpers==0.2.0) (12.1.0.106)
Requirement already satisfied: nvidia-nccl-cu12==2.18.1 in /home/tsegai/miniconda3/envs/groqflow/lib/python3.10/site-packages (from torch==2.1.0->torchaudio==2.1.0->groqflow-demo-helpers==0.2.0) (2.18.1)
Requirement already satisfied: nvidia-nvtx-cu12==12.1.105 in /home/tsegai/miniconda3/envs/groqflow/lib/python3.10/site-packages (from torch==2.1.0->torchaudio==2.1.0->groqflow-demo-helpers==0.2.0) (12.1.105)
Requirement already satisfied: triton==2.1.0 in /home/tsegai/miniconda3/envs/groqflow/lib/python3.10/site-packages (from torch==2.1.0->torchaudio==2.1.0->groqflow-demo-helpers==0.2.0) (2.1.0)
Requirement already satisfied: nvidia-nvjitlink-cu12 in /home/tsegai/miniconda3/envs/groqflow/lib/python3.10/site-packages (from nvidia-cusolver-cu12==11.4.5.107->torch==2.1.0->torchaudio==2.1.0->groqflow-demo-helpers==0.2.0) (12.6.77)
Collecting pyarrow>=15.0.0 (from datasets>=2.3.2->groqflow-demo-helpers==0.2.0)
  Using cached pyarrow-18.0.0-cp310-cp310-manylinux_2_28_x86_64.whl.metadata (3.3 kB)
Collecting dill<0.3.9,>=0.3.0 (from datasets>=2.3.2->groqflow-demo-helpers==0.2.0)
  Using cached dill-0.3.8-py3-none-any.whl.metadata (10 kB)
Requirement already satisfied: pandas in /home/tsegai/miniconda3/envs/groqflow/lib/python3.10/site-packages (from datasets>=2.3.2->groqflow-demo-helpers==0.2.0) (2.0.3)
Collecting tqdm>=4.66.3 (from datasets>=2.3.2->groqflow-demo-helpers==0.2.0)
  Using cached tqdm-4.67.0-py3-none-any.whl.metadata (57 kB)
Collecting xxhash (from datasets>=2.3.2->groqflow-demo-helpers==0.2.0)
  Using cached xxhash-3.5.0-cp310-cp310-manylinux_2_17_x86_64.manylinux2014_x86_64.whl.metadata (12 kB)
Collecting multiprocess<0.70.17 (from datasets>=2.3.2->groqflow-demo-helpers==0.2.0)
  Using cached multiprocess-0.70.16-py310-none-any.whl.metadata (7.2 kB)
Collecting fsspec (from torch==2.1.0->torchaudio==2.1.0->groqflow-demo-helpers==0.2.0)
  Using cached fsspec-2024.9.0-py3-none-any.whl.metadata (11 kB)
Collecting aiohttp (from datasets>=2.3.2->groqflow-demo-helpers==0.2.0)
  Downloading aiohttp-3.11.0-cp310-cp310-manylinux_2_17_x86_64.manylinux2014_x86_64.whl.metadata (7.7 kB)
Collecting huggingface-hub>=0.23.0 (from datasets>=2.3.2->groqflow-demo-helpers==0.2.0)
  Using cached huggingface_hub-0.26.2-py3-none-any.whl.metadata (13 kB)
Requirement already satisfied: packaging in /opt/groq/runtime/site-packages (from datasets>=2.3.2->groqflow-demo-helpers==0.2.0) (23.2)
Requirement already satisfied: pyyaml>=5.1 in /opt/groq/runtime/site-packages (from datasets>=2.3.2->groqflow-demo-helpers==0.2.0) (5.4.1)
Collecting wcwidth (from prettytable>=3.3.0->groqflow-demo-helpers==0.2.0)
  Using cached wcwidth-0.2.13-py2.py3-none-any.whl.metadata (14 kB)
Collecting regex!=2019.12.17 (from transformers>=4.20.0->groqflow-demo-helpers==0.2.0)
  Using cached regex-2024.11.6-cp310-cp310-manylinux_2_17_x86_64.manylinux2014_x86_64.whl.metadata (40 kB)
Collecting safetensors>=0.4.1 (from transformers>=4.20.0->groqflow-demo-helpers==0.2.0)
  Using cached safetensors-0.4.5-cp310-cp310-manylinux_2_17_x86_64.manylinux2014_x86_64.whl.metadata (3.8 kB)
Collecting tokenizers<0.21,>=0.20 (from transformers>=4.20.0->groqflow-demo-helpers==0.2.0)
  Using cached tokenizers-0.20.3-cp310-cp310-manylinux_2_17_x86_64.manylinux2014_x86_64.whl.metadata (6.7 kB)
Collecting aiohappyeyeballs>=2.3.0 (from aiohttp->datasets>=2.3.2->groqflow-demo-helpers==0.2.0)
  Using cached aiohappyeyeballs-2.4.3-py3-none-any.whl.metadata (6.1 kB)
Collecting aiosignal>=1.1.2 (from aiohttp->datasets>=2.3.2->groqflow-demo-helpers==0.2.0)
  Using cached aiosignal-1.3.1-py3-none-any.whl.metadata (4.0 kB)
Collecting attrs>=17.3.0 (from aiohttp->datasets>=2.3.2->groqflow-demo-helpers==0.2.0)
  Using cached attrs-24.2.0-py3-none-any.whl.metadata (11 kB)
Collecting frozenlist>=1.1.1 (from aiohttp->datasets>=2.3.2->groqflow-demo-helpers==0.2.0)
  Using cached frozenlist-1.5.0-cp310-cp310-manylinux_2_5_x86_64.manylinux1_x86_64.manylinux_2_17_x86_64.manylinux2014_x86_64.whl.metadata (13 kB)
Collecting multidict<7.0,>=4.5 (from aiohttp->datasets>=2.3.2->groqflow-demo-helpers==0.2.0)
  Using cached multidict-6.1.0-cp310-cp310-manylinux_2_17_x86_64.manylinux2014_x86_64.whl.metadata (5.0 kB)
Collecting propcache>=0.2.0 (from aiohttp->datasets>=2.3.2->groqflow-demo-helpers==0.2.0)
  Using cached propcache-0.2.0-cp310-cp310-manylinux_2_17_x86_64.manylinux2014_x86_64.whl.metadata (7.7 kB)
Collecting yarl<2.0,>=1.17.0 (from aiohttp->datasets>=2.3.2->groqflow-demo-helpers==0.2.0)
  Using cached yarl-1.17.1-cp310-cp310-manylinux_2_17_x86_64.manylinux2014_x86_64.whl.metadata (64 kB)
Collecting async-timeout<6.0,>=4.0 (from aiohttp->datasets>=2.3.2->groqflow-demo-helpers==0.2.0)
  Downloading async_timeout-5.0.1-py3-none-any.whl.metadata (5.1 kB)
Requirement already satisfied: idna<4,>=2.5 in /home/tsegai/miniconda3/envs/groqflow/lib/python3.10/site-packages (from requests->torchvision==0.16.0->groqflow-demo-helpers==0.2.0) (3.10)
Requirement already satisfied: urllib3<3,>=1.21.1 in /home/tsegai/miniconda3/envs/groqflow/lib/python3.10/site-packages (from requests->torchvision==0.16.0->groqflow-demo-helpers==0.2.0) (2.2.3)
Requirement already satisfied: certifi>=2017.4.17 in /home/tsegai/miniconda3/envs/groqflow/lib/python3.10/site-packages (from requests->torchvision==0.16.0->groqflow-demo-helpers==0.2.0) (2024.8.30)
Requirement already satisfied: python-dateutil>=2.8.2 in /opt/groq/runtime/site-packages (from pandas->datasets>=2.3.2->groqflow-demo-helpers==0.2.0) (2.8.2)
Requirement already satisfied: pytz>=2020.1 in /home/tsegai/miniconda3/envs/groqflow/lib/python3.10/site-packages (from pandas->datasets>=2.3.2->groqflow-demo-helpers==0.2.0) (2024.2)
Requirement already satisfied: tzdata>=2022.1 in /home/tsegai/miniconda3/envs/groqflow/lib/python3.10/site-packages (from pandas->datasets>=2.3.2->groqflow-demo-helpers==0.2.0) (2024.2)
Requirement already satisfied: six>=1.5 in /opt/groq/runtime/site-packages (from python-dateutil>=2.8.2->pandas->datasets>=2.3.2->groqflow-demo-helpers==0.2.0) (1.16.0)
Requirement already satisfied: MarkupSafe>=2.0 in /home/tsegai/miniconda3/envs/groqflow/lib/python3.10/site-packages (from jinja2->torch==2.1.0->torchaudio==2.1.0->groqflow-demo-helpers==0.2.0) (3.0.2)
Requirement already satisfied: mpmath<1.4,>=1.1.0 in /home/tsegai/miniconda3/envs/groqflow/lib/python3.10/site-packages (from sympy->torch==2.1.0->torchaudio==2.1.0->groqflow-demo-helpers==0.2.0) (1.3.0)
Using cached charset_normalizer-3.3.2-cp310-cp310-manylinux_2_17_x86_64.manylinux2014_x86_64.whl (142 kB)
Using cached torchaudio-2.1.0-cp310-cp310-manylinux1_x86_64.whl (3.3 MB)
Using cached datasets-3.1.0-py3-none-any.whl (480 kB)
Using cached path-17.0.0-py3-none-any.whl (24 kB)
Using cached prettytable-3.12.0-py3-none-any.whl (31 kB)
Using cached transformers-4.46.2-py3-none-any.whl (10.0 MB)
Using cached dill-0.3.8-py3-none-any.whl (116 kB)
Using cached fsspec-2024.9.0-py3-none-any.whl (179 kB)
Downloading aiohttp-3.11.0-cp310-cp310-manylinux_2_17_x86_64.manylinux2014_x86_64.whl (1.6 MB)
   ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━ 1.6/1.6 MB 5.1 MB/s eta 0:00:00
Using cached huggingface_hub-0.26.2-py3-none-any.whl (447 kB)
Using cached multiprocess-0.70.16-py310-none-any.whl (134 kB)
Using cached pyarrow-18.0.0-cp310-cp310-manylinux_2_28_x86_64.whl (40.0 MB)
Using cached regex-2024.11.6-cp310-cp310-manylinux_2_17_x86_64.manylinux2014_x86_64.whl (781 kB)
Using cached safetensors-0.4.5-cp310-cp310-manylinux_2_17_x86_64.manylinux2014_x86_64.whl (435 kB)
Using cached tokenizers-0.20.3-cp310-cp310-manylinux_2_17_x86_64.manylinux2014_x86_64.whl (3.0 MB)
Using cached tqdm-4.67.0-py3-none-any.whl (78 kB)
Using cached wcwidth-0.2.13-py2.py3-none-any.whl (34 kB)
Using cached xxhash-3.5.0-cp310-cp310-manylinux_2_17_x86_64.manylinux2014_x86_64.whl (194 kB)
Using cached aiohappyeyeballs-2.4.3-py3-none-any.whl (14 kB)
Using cached aiosignal-1.3.1-py3-none-any.whl (7.6 kB)
Downloading async_timeout-5.0.1-py3-none-any.whl (6.2 kB)
Using cached attrs-24.2.0-py3-none-any.whl (63 kB)
Using cached frozenlist-1.5.0-cp310-cp310-manylinux_2_5_x86_64.manylinux1_x86_64.manylinux_2_17_x86_64.manylinux2014_x86_64.whl (241 kB)
Using cached multidict-6.1.0-cp310-cp310-manylinux_2_17_x86_64.manylinux2014_x86_64.whl (124 kB)
Using cached propcache-0.2.0-cp310-cp310-manylinux_2_17_x86_64.manylinux2014_x86_64.whl (208 kB)
Using cached yarl-1.17.1-cp310-cp310-manylinux_2_17_x86_64.manylinux2014_x86_64.whl (318 kB)
Installing collected packages: wget, wcwidth, xxhash, tqdm, safetensors, regex, pyarrow, propcache, prettytable, path, multidict, fsspec, frozenlist, dill, charset-normalizer, attrs, async-timeout, aiohappyeyeballs, yarl, multiprocess, aiosignal, huggingface-hub, aiohttp, torchaudio, tokenizers, transformers, datasets, groqflow-demo-helpers
  Attempting uninstall: fsspec
    Found existing installation: fsspec 2024.10.0
    Uninstalling fsspec-2024.10.0:
      Successfully uninstalled fsspec-2024.10.0
  Attempting uninstall: dill
    Found existing installation: dill 0.3.9
    Uninstalling dill-0.3.9:
      Successfully uninstalled dill-0.3.9
  Attempting uninstall: charset-normalizer
    Found existing installation: charset-normalizer 3.4.0
    Uninstalling charset-normalizer-3.4.0:
      Successfully uninstalled charset-normalizer-3.4.0
  DEPRECATION: Legacy editable install of groqflow-demo-helpers==0.2.0 from file:///home/tsegai/groqflow/demo_helpers (setup.py develop) is deprecated. pip 25.0 will enforce this behaviour change. A possible replacement is to add a pyproject.toml or enable --use-pep517, and use setuptools >= 64. If the resulting installation is not behaving as expected, try using --config-settings editable_mode=compat. Please consult the setuptools documentation for more information. Discussion can be found at https://github.com/pypa/pip/issues/11457
  Running setup.py develop for groqflow-demo-helpers
Successfully installed aiohappyeyeballs-2.4.3 aiohttp-3.11.0 aiosignal-1.3.1 async-timeout-5.0.1 attrs-24.2.0 charset-normalizer-3.3.2 datasets-3.1.0 dill-0.3.8 frozenlist-1.5.0 fsspec-2024.9.0 groqflow-demo-helpers huggingface-hub-0.26.2 multidict-6.1.0 multiprocess-0.70.16 path-17.0.0 prettytable-3.12.0 propcache-0.2.0 pyarrow-18.0.0 regex-2024.11.6 safetensors-0.4.5 tokenizers-0.20.3 torchaudio-2.1.0 tqdm-4.67.0 transformers-4.46.2 wcwidth-0.2.13 wget-3.2 xxhash-3.5.0 yarl-1.17.1
~/groqflow
Collecting soundfile
  Using cached soundfile-0.12.1-py2.py3-none-manylinux_2_31_x86_64.whl.metadata (14 kB)
Requirement already satisfied: cffi>=1.0 in /home/tsegai/miniconda3/envs/groqflow/lib/python3.10/site-packages (from soundfile) (1.17.1)
Requirement already satisfied: pycparser in /home/tsegai/miniconda3/envs/groqflow/lib/python3.10/site-packages (from cffi>=1.0->soundfile) (2.22)
Using cached soundfile-0.12.1-py2.py3-none-manylinux_2_31_x86_64.whl (1.2 MB)
Installing collected packages: soundfile
Successfully installed soundfile-0.12.1
(groqflow) tsegai@groq-r01-gn-09:~/groqflow$ conda activate groqflow
(groqflow) tsegai@groq-r01-gn-09:~/groqflow$ qsub -I -l walltime=1:00:00
qsub: waiting for job 6179.groq-r01-controller.ai.alcf.anl.gov to start
qsub: job 6179.groq-r01-controller.ai.alcf.anl.gov ready

(base) tsegai@groq-r01-gn-08:~$ git clone git@github.com:argonne-lcf/ai-science-training-series.git
cd 07_AITestbeds/Groq
Cloning into 'ai-science-training-series'...
The authenticity of host 'github.com (140.82.114.4)' can't be established.
ED25519 key fingerprint is SHA256:+DiY3wvvV6TuJJhbpZisF/zLDA0zPMSvHdkr4UvCOqU.
This key is not known by any other names
Are you sure you want to continue connecting (yes/no/[fingerprint])? yes
Warning: Permanently added 'github.com' (ED25519) to the list of known hosts.
git@github.com: Permission denied (publickey).
fatal: Could not read from remote repository.

Please make sure you have the correct access rights
and the repository exists.
-bash: cd: 07_AITestbeds/Groq: No such file or directory
(base) tsegai@groq-r01-gn-08:~$ ls
Miniconda3-latest-Linux-x86_64.sh    Miniconda3-latest-Linux-x86_64.sh.3  miniconda3
Miniconda3-latest-Linux-x86_64.sh.1  Miniconda3-latest-Linux-x86_64.sh.4  ssh
Miniconda3-latest-Linux-x86_64.sh.2  groqflow
(base) tsegai@groq-r01-gn-08:~$ ls ~/.ssh
known_hosts  known_hosts.old
(base) tsegai@groq-r01-gn-08:~$ ssh-keygen -t ed25519 -C "toy20@fsu.edu"
Generating public/private ed25519 key pair.
Enter file in which to save the key (/home/tsegai/.ssh/id_ed25519):
Enter passphrase (empty for no passphrase):
Enter same passphrase again:
Your identification has been saved in /home/tsegai/.ssh/id_ed25519
Your public key has been saved in /home/tsegai/.ssh/id_ed25519.pub
The key fingerprint is:
SHA256:QPOA/SNsmXKrXK0kxT/toPj5BzhR1e+pf8nlp/FBOEU toy20@fsu.edu
The key's randomart image is:
+--[ED25519 256]--+
|     o+  ...   E |
|    ...+.   . .  |
|     o.=.    . . |
|    . @.o     +  |
|     = BSo   + o |
|    . * * .   = .|
|   . * + =   .ooo|
|    + o.  o .  ==|
|     .o...   .ooo|
+----[SHA256]-----+
(base) tsegai@groq-r01-gn-08:~$ eval "$(ssh-agent -s)"
ssh-add ~/.ssh/id_ed25519
Agent pid 1194575
Identity added: /home/tsegai/.ssh/id_ed25519 (toy20@fsu.edu)
(base) tsegai@groq-r01-gn-08:~$ cat ~/.ssh/id_ed25519.pub
ssh-ed25519 AAAAC3NzaC1lZDI1NTE5AAAAIKQltF6lE3q1L3T9yWC0JG0K+iKWQ9iyBCT41JA98xVb toy20@fsu.edu
(base) tsegai@groq-r01-gn-08:~$ ssh -T git@github.com
Hi Tsegai20! You've successfully authenticated, but GitHub does not provide shell access.
(base) tsegai@groq-r01-gn-08:~$ git clone git@github.com:argonne-lcf/ai-science-training-series.git
Cloning into 'ai-science-training-series'...
remote: Enumerating objects: 3821, done.
remote: Counting objects: 100% (168/168), done.
remote: Compressing objects: 100% (112/112), done.
remote: Total 3821 (delta 70), reused 143 (delta 55), pack-reused 3653 (from 1)
Receiving objects: 100% (3821/3821), 396.00 MiB | 89.69 MiB/s, done.
Resolving deltas: 100% (1940/1940), done.
Updating files: 100% (424/424), done.
(base) tsegai@groq-r01-gn-08:~$ cd 07_AITestbeds/Groq
-bash: cd: 07_AITestbeds/Groq: No such file or directory
(base) tsegai@groq-r01-gn-08:~$ ls
Miniconda3-latest-Linux-x86_64.sh    Miniconda3-latest-Linux-x86_64.sh.3  groqflow
Miniconda3-latest-Linux-x86_64.sh.1  Miniconda3-latest-Linux-x86_64.sh.4  miniconda3
Miniconda3-latest-Linux-x86_64.sh.2  ai-science-training-series           ssh
(base) tsegai@groq-r01-gn-08:~$ cd ai-science-training-series
(base) tsegai@groq-r01-gn-08:~/ai-science-training-series$ ls
00_introToAlcf                03_advanced_neural_networks  06_parallel_training  README.md
01_intro_AI_on_Supercomputer  04_intro_to_llms             07_AITestbeds         bonusMaterial
02_intro_neural_networks      05_llm_part2                 08_Evaluating_LLMs
(base) tsegai@groq-r01-gn-08:~/ai-science-training-series$ ls 07_AITestbeds
AI_Accelerators.pdf  Cerebras  Graphcore  Groq  README.md  Sambanova
(base) tsegai@groq-r01-gn-08:~/ai-science-training-series$ cd 07_AITestbeds
ls
AI_Accelerators.pdf  Cerebras  Graphcore  Groq  README.md  Sambanova
(base) tsegai@groq-r01-gn-08:~/ai-science-training-series/07_AITestbeds$ find . -type d -name "Groq"
./Groq
(base) tsegai@groq-r01-gn-08:~/ai-science-training-series/07_AITestbeds$ cd Groq
(base) tsegai@groq-r01-gn-08:~/ai-science-training-series/07_AITestbeds/Groq$ ls
README.md  bert.md  gpt2.md  gpt2.py  groqrack_system_diagram.png  minilm.md  resnet50.md  run_gpt2.sh
(base) tsegai@groq-r01-gn-08:~/ai-science-training-series/07_AITestbeds/Groq$ conda activate groqflow
(groqflow) tsegai@groq-r01-gn-08:~/ai-science-training-series/07_AITestbeds/Groq$ pip install transformers
Requirement already satisfied: transformers in /home/tsegai/miniconda3/envs/groqflow/lib/python3.10/site-packages (4.46.2)
Requirement already satisfied: filelock in /home/tsegai/miniconda3/envs/groqflow/lib/python3.10/site-packages (from transformers) (3.16.1)
Requirement already satisfied: huggingface-hub<1.0,>=0.23.2 in /home/tsegai/miniconda3/envs/groqflow/lib/python3.10/site-packages (from transformers) (0.26.2)
Requirement already satisfied: numpy>=1.17 in /opt/groq/runtime/site-packages (from transformers) (1.21.6)
Requirement already satisfied: packaging>=20.0 in /opt/groq/runtime/site-packages (from transformers) (23.2)
Requirement already satisfied: pyyaml>=5.1 in /opt/groq/runtime/site-packages (from transformers) (5.4.1)
Requirement already satisfied: regex!=2019.12.17 in /home/tsegai/miniconda3/envs/groqflow/lib/python3.10/site-packages (from transformers) (2024.11.6)
Requirement already satisfied: requests in /home/tsegai/miniconda3/envs/groqflow/lib/python3.10/site-packages (from transformers) (2.32.3)
Requirement already satisfied: safetensors>=0.4.1 in /home/tsegai/miniconda3/envs/groqflow/lib/python3.10/site-packages (from transformers) (0.4.5)
Requirement already satisfied: tokenizers<0.21,>=0.20 in /home/tsegai/miniconda3/envs/groqflow/lib/python3.10/site-packages (from transformers) (0.20.3)
Requirement already satisfied: tqdm>=4.27 in /home/tsegai/miniconda3/envs/groqflow/lib/python3.10/site-packages (from transformers) (4.67.0)
Requirement already satisfied: fsspec>=2023.5.0 in /home/tsegai/miniconda3/envs/groqflow/lib/python3.10/site-packages (from huggingface-hub<1.0,>=0.23.2->transformers) (2024.9.0)
Requirement already satisfied: typing-extensions>=3.7.4.3 in /opt/groq/runtime/site-packages (from huggingface-hub<1.0,>=0.23.2->transformers) (4.9.0)
Requirement already satisfied: charset-normalizer<4,>=2 in /home/tsegai/miniconda3/envs/groqflow/lib/python3.10/site-packages (from requests->transformers) (3.3.2)
Requirement already satisfied: idna<4,>=2.5 in /home/tsegai/miniconda3/envs/groqflow/lib/python3.10/site-packages (from requests->transformers) (3.10)
Requirement already satisfied: urllib3<3,>=1.21.1 in /home/tsegai/miniconda3/envs/groqflow/lib/python3.10/site-packages (from requests->transformers) (2.2.3)
Requirement already satisfied: certifi>=2017.4.17 in /home/tsegai/miniconda3/envs/groqflow/lib/python3.10/site-packages (from requests->transformers) (2024.8.30)
(groqflow) tsegai@groq-r01-gn-08:~/ai-science-training-series/07_AITestbeds/Groq$ python gpt2.py



Building "gpt2"
    ✓ Exporting PyTorch to ONNX
    ✓ Optimizing ONNX file
    ✓ Checking for Op support
    ✓ Converting to FP16
    ✓ Compiling model
    ✓ Assembling model

Woohoo! Saved to ~/.cache/groqflow/gpt2
2024-11-14 01:59:06,393 WARNING c2c.py check_receiver_lock_with_status_bits():422 <0: groq-r01-gn-08>: RX lock failed on C2C12 device: /dev/groqA0.pci - [0, 0, 0, 0]
(tensor([[[-0.0833,  0.4824,  0.0070,  ...,  0.0676, -0.5737,  0.1604],
         [-0.1050,  0.8486, -0.1980,  ...,  0.3765,  0.4500,  0.1553],
         [ 0.5220,  0.8887, -0.0943,  ..., -0.3579, -0.2151, -0.4177],
         ...,
         [ 0.2642, -0.3445, -0.1957,  ..., -1.0439,  0.5908, -0.4028],
         [ 0.2372, -0.2917, -0.0537,  ..., -1.0645,  0.2418, -0.3252],
         [ 0.0872, -0.5098, -0.0676,  ..., -0.7876,  0.0292, -0.4783]]],
       dtype=torch.float16), tensor([[[[-0.3735, -0.4534, -0.2634,  ..., -0.1234, -0.5229,  0.3635],
          [ 0.5552, -0.7158, -0.1506,  ...,  0.8228, -0.2139, -0.6680],
          [ 0.0884, -0.3005,  0.1005,  ...,  0.1815, -0.4316,  0.4617],
          ...,
          [ 0.0484, -0.4431,  0.5049,  ...,  0.9985, -0.3398, -0.0092],
          [ 0.4114, -0.7271,  0.0174,  ...,  0.2893, -0.0223, -0.4121],
          [-0.1882, -0.7627, -1.5439,  ...,  0.8525,  0.5269, -0.1857]],

         [[-0.1261, -0.5098,  0.5361,  ..., -0.4021,  0.3723, -0.2223],
          [ 0.0773, -0.6602,  0.2190,  ..., -0.1202, -0.1040,  0.1046],
          [ 0.1721, -0.7383,  1.2627,  ..., -0.0826,  0.2725,  0.4487],
          ...,
          [ 0.3135, -0.7783,  0.3594,  ...,  0.2947,  0.0936, -0.8872],
          [-0.1710, -0.7607, -0.1102,  ...,  0.0540,  0.8120, -0.4028],
          [ 0.6558, -1.0322,  0.6826,  ..., -0.4553,  0.1835,  0.8193]],

         [[-0.2411, -0.3286, -0.1760,  ..., -0.0387,  0.4695,  0.3450],
          [ 0.3853, -0.1562, -0.0627,  ..., -0.1974,  0.4680, -0.0742],
          [-0.4019, -0.4617,  0.0875,  ...,  0.3313,  0.3601,  0.7827],
          ...,
          [ 0.4419, -0.7603, -0.2393,  ...,  0.2444,  0.8887, -0.3066],
          [-0.1937, -0.7192,  0.0585,  ...,  0.2311,  0.3271,  0.3066],
          [ 0.1537,  0.3623,  0.1163,  ...,  0.3303,  0.2991, -0.1855]],

         ...,

         [[ 0.2900,  0.5527, -0.2729,  ..., -0.0604, -0.0863, -0.2076],
          [ 1.1787, -0.3105,  0.3779,  ...,  0.3809,  0.7993,  0.0229],
          [ 0.4824, -0.1918,  1.2617,  ..., -0.2764, -0.0313, -0.1564],
          ...,
          [ 0.3491,  0.4983, -0.2607,  ..., -0.2185, -0.0751,  0.3198],
          [ 0.9639, -0.1813,  0.8462,  ..., -0.3259, -0.1270, -0.2539],
          [-0.0341,  0.4280,  0.6812,  ...,  1.1133,  0.0470, -0.5669]],

         [[ 0.0776, -0.1675,  0.2666,  ..., -0.3264,  0.3208, -0.3818],
          [-0.8364, -1.0732, -0.1281,  ..., -0.3777,  0.2639,  0.1731],
          [ 0.2135,  0.3320,  0.2396,  ..., -0.0100,  0.1493, -0.5200],
          ...,
          [-0.3237, -0.4626,  0.5874,  ..., -0.3975,  0.7432, -0.1193],
          [ 0.3857, -0.1998, -0.0825,  ..., -0.2888,  0.4011, -0.8560],
          [-0.3748, -0.9858,  0.1534,  ..., -0.2529, -0.0049, -0.8691]],

         [[ 0.1359,  0.2532, -0.1671,  ..., -1.0176, -0.2727,  0.2893],
          [-0.4224, -0.1857, -0.4819,  ..., -0.0548, -0.1112,  0.6406],
          [-0.4797,  0.1174,  0.3699,  ..., -0.6650, -0.4492, -0.2910],
          ...,
          [-0.4846, -0.4526, -0.4426,  ..., -0.0528, -0.9092,  0.0201],
          [ 0.2004,  0.4819, -0.2206,  ..., -0.2642,  0.1729, -0.3394],
          [-0.0646,  0.2781, -0.2673,  ..., -1.2021, -0.1084, -0.3357]]]],
       dtype=torch.float16), tensor([[[[-0.3938,  0.7197,  0.6904,  ..., -0.6089,  0.0621, -0.2842],
          [-0.4431,  0.3340,  0.7222,  ..., -0.3870,  0.4124, -0.4587],
          [ 0.0221,  0.6963,  0.6182,  ...,  0.6919,  0.9517, -0.4666],
          ...,
          [ 0.0405,  0.5068,  0.7065,  ..., -0.7212,  0.3916, -0.1681],
          [ 0.3103, -0.0418,  0.6572,  ..., -0.1926,  0.2805, -1.1426],
          [-0.3640,  0.4517,  0.6084,  ..., -0.3711,  0.5098, -0.7612]],

         [[ 0.8345,  0.0920, -0.2434,  ...,  0.0096,  0.9082, -0.4944],
          [-0.5259,  0.3286, -0.4773,  ..., -0.5762,  0.3291, -0.4565],
          [ 1.1094, -0.4431, -0.5796,  ...,  0.4929, -0.3582, -0.7026],
          ...,
          [-0.0978, -0.0561, -0.1852,  ..., -0.1239, -0.0039, -0.9438],
          [ 0.4927, -0.2607,  0.0435,  ...,  0.2411, -0.4766, -0.0734],
          [-0.1273, -0.4702, -0.5479,  ...,  0.2107, -0.0313, -0.6123]],

         [[-0.5444,  0.0701, -0.2047,  ...,  0.3018, -0.0955,  0.0032],
          [ 0.2076,  0.5405, -0.5830,  ...,  0.8877, -0.5776, -0.0220],
          [ 0.2053, -0.0911,  0.1749,  ...,  0.1290, -0.3767,  0.3044],
          ...,
          [-0.0267,  0.5522, -0.0327,  ...,  1.1055, -0.8130, -0.0294],
          [ 0.6387,  0.8076, -0.0289,  ...,  0.6826, -0.2257,  0.4907],
          [-0.0399, -0.0902, -0.4197,  ...,  0.5864, -0.6997, -0.2539]],

         ...,

         [[ 0.0820, -0.6699, -0.5190,  ...,  0.4529,  0.0054,  1.1201],
          [-0.0106, -0.1220,  0.2795,  ..., -0.1135, -0.0111,  0.0851],
          [ 0.4248, -0.8843,  0.4302,  ...,  0.2152,  0.1560,  0.1020],
          ...,
          [-0.2627, -0.5576,  0.0571,  ..., -1.0488,  0.4514,  0.9136],
          [-0.2771, -0.4800,  0.6987,  ...,  0.3394,  0.1451,  0.8359],
          [-0.4719,  0.2030,  0.3950,  ...,  0.5933,  0.8057,  0.6553]],

         [[ 1.0576, -0.0812, -0.3250,  ..., -0.1113,  0.3164, -1.0059],
          [ 0.4409,  0.5659,  0.4695,  ...,  0.7275, -0.6743, -0.6812],
          [ 0.6304, -0.4849, -0.5283,  ...,  0.6851, -0.0823, -0.9468],
          ...,
          [ 0.3984, -0.6504,  0.9497,  ...,  0.4460, -0.5054, -0.9043],
          [ 0.3677, -0.3716,  0.7788,  ...,  0.0065, -0.2839,  0.0477],
          [ 0.3708,  0.7456,  0.0909,  ...,  0.5649,  0.4536, -1.0557]],

         [[-0.5547,  0.1819, -0.6089,  ...,  0.3118, -0.1355,  0.3042],
          [-0.5454, -0.1519, -0.2427,  ..., -0.0034, -0.1891, -0.1575],
          [-0.1495, -0.1421, -0.4402,  ...,  0.2512, -0.3066,  0.5264],
          ...,
          [-0.0294, -0.3877, -0.6030,  ..., -0.2383,  0.2952,  0.5752],
          [ 0.4963,  0.2961, -0.3196,  ..., -0.1158, -0.5278,  0.2356],
          [ 0.4377, -0.6050, -1.1816,  ...,  0.2686, -0.2167,  0.0343]]]],
       dtype=torch.float16), tensor([[[[ 0.6885,  0.6221, -0.2554,  ..., -0.9287,  0.1797,  0.0410],
          [ 0.5547,  1.0420, -0.2473,  ...,  0.0040,  0.6050, -0.5845],
          [ 0.3762,  1.1172, -0.3865,  ..., -0.1541,  0.3713, -0.1115],
          ...,
          [ 0.6333,  0.3303, -0.4255,  ...,  0.5923,  0.5757,  0.2122],
          [ 0.6865,  0.4648, -0.2930,  ..., -0.2939,  0.7017, -0.2123],
          [ 0.1526,  0.5967, -0.1923,  ..., -0.0724,  0.0638,  0.2722]],

         [[-0.4426,  0.4780, -0.1188,  ...,  0.0028,  0.4248, -0.2114],
          [ 0.1453, -0.0264, -0.5322,  ...,  0.0585,  0.2408, -0.7314],
          [ 0.1726,  0.1368, -0.2986,  ..., -0.0779,  0.1995,  0.2091],
          ...,
          [-0.0354,  0.1368, -0.8081,  ...,  0.0430,  0.4021,  0.3110],
          [ 0.1663,  0.4543, -0.4873,  ..., -0.0184,  0.0070,  0.2791],
          [ 0.0802,  0.2720, -0.5210,  ...,  0.0114,  0.2406,  0.1229]],

         [[-0.1676,  0.3977,  0.3958,  ..., -0.8281,  0.3643, -0.7998],
          [ 0.8379,  0.1851,  0.9463,  ..., -0.4971, -0.0051, -0.2844],
          [ 0.4932,  0.1896,  0.9492,  ..., -0.4917, -0.0369, -0.5337],
          ...,
          [ 0.0529,  0.0181,  0.9106,  ..., -0.8525,  0.2751, -0.0836],
          [-0.0142,  0.0864,  0.9229,  ..., -0.9248,  0.1399,  0.4001],
          [-0.1556,  0.0046,  1.1855,  ..., -0.7822, -0.0047, -0.3875]],

         ...,

         [[ 0.2151,  0.0432,  0.5537,  ...,  0.0956,  0.2615,  0.5903],
          [ 0.2260, -0.5156,  0.7031,  ...,  0.3110, -0.3198,  1.1309],
          [ 0.0078, -0.4729,  0.9517,  ...,  0.3687,  0.1732,  1.6494],
          ...,
          [ 0.1175, -0.4036,  0.5508,  ..., -0.0064, -0.6606,  0.8359],
          [-0.4053, -0.0037,  0.3984,  ...,  0.4373, -0.5347,  1.0049],
          [ 0.4202, -0.2322,  0.5591,  ...,  0.4331, -0.2998,  0.8667]],

         [[ 0.4734, -0.6665, -0.9673,  ...,  0.6753, -0.1874, -0.1948],
          [ 0.1190, -0.3008, -0.8047,  ...,  0.8086, -0.4668,  0.2148],
          [ 0.1921, -0.7031, -0.7075,  ...,  0.5078, -0.9932,  0.2673],
          ...,
          [ 0.9370, -0.2299, -0.0479,  ...,  0.4875, -0.5845, -0.5801],
          [-0.0587, -0.3469,  0.0769,  ...,  0.9634, -0.4055, -0.4880],
          [ 0.7227, -0.2018,  0.2429,  ...,  0.5659, -0.4785, -0.1416]],

         [[ 0.0649, -0.3293, -0.1536,  ...,  0.8828, -0.3389, -0.2057],
          [ 0.1454, -0.4045,  0.3259,  ...,  0.7041, -0.4907, -0.1729],
          [-0.1444, -0.1076,  0.3037,  ...,  0.4060, -0.6313, -0.0101],
          ...,
          [-0.2915,  0.0179, -0.0062,  ..., -0.0562,  0.0560, -0.1554],
          [-0.2291, -0.2637,  0.2581,  ..., -0.2966, -0.0688, -0.2507],
          [-0.0672, -0.3936, -0.2463,  ...,  0.4084, -0.3394, -0.1025]]]],
       dtype=torch.float16), tensor([[[[ 0.6118, -0.3604, -0.0273,  ...,  0.6348, -0.2166,  0.3081],
          [ 0.5205,  0.1755, -0.3357,  ...,  0.2285,  0.2428, -0.3110],
          [-0.2017,  0.0148, -0.1185,  ..., -0.0648,  0.4634, -0.2061],
          ...,
          [ 0.3611, -0.2203, -0.0469,  ...,  0.2122,  0.2260, -0.2280],
          [ 0.1370, -0.1252, -0.1959,  ...,  0.7256,  0.5210, -0.2446],
          [-0.1940, -0.2812,  0.0322,  ...,  0.3396,  0.5938,  0.0405]],

         [[-0.7295,  0.5034, -0.0347,  ...,  0.3892,  0.7271,  0.0228],
          [-0.9575,  0.2412, -0.1071,  ..., -0.2544,  0.5435, -0.3350],
          [-0.4434,  0.2499,  0.2419,  ..., -0.7041,  0.2184,  0.5601],
          ...,
          [-0.7739,  0.7480,  0.5806,  ..., -0.3843,  0.5059,  0.2668],
          [-0.5830,  0.7524,  0.4087,  ...,  0.1859,  0.4717,  0.3284],
          [-0.3271,  0.8164,  0.4734,  ..., -0.3010,  0.1378, -0.1528]],

         [[ 1.1953,  0.0607, -0.1652,  ...,  0.1235, -0.2651,  0.3372],
          [ 0.5605, -0.3003,  0.1422,  ..., -0.0304, -0.5088,  0.2610],
          [ 0.4617, -0.1113,  0.6963,  ..., -0.5093, -0.7485,  0.2698],
          ...,
          [ 1.0156, -0.7847,  0.7793,  ..., -0.8687, -0.5225,  0.3618],
          [ 1.0840, -0.3066,  0.6841,  ..., -0.2371, -0.5205,  0.2842],
          [ 1.0029,  0.2473,  0.4158,  ..., -0.3816, -0.3809,  0.1497]],

         ...,

         [[ 0.2849,  0.6060, -0.5464,  ..., -0.8545,  1.4404, -0.0829],
          [ 0.5664,  0.0015, -0.2316,  ..., -0.6348,  0.9111, -0.0529],
          [ 0.6147, -0.0398, -0.2832,  ..., -0.3906,  0.3525, -0.2009],
          ...,
          [ 0.4346,  0.2356, -0.5811,  ..., -0.3823,  0.4617, -0.4197],
          [ 0.3132,  0.4666, -0.4067,  ..., -0.5830,  0.4963, -0.6582],
          [ 0.2815,  0.5391, -0.2534,  ..., -0.3613,  0.7979, -0.5010]],

         [[-0.5625,  0.9380,  0.1755,  ...,  0.7573,  0.9331, -0.4307],
          [-0.3147,  0.5562,  0.1971,  ...,  0.4763,  0.8198,  0.0631],
          [-0.3708,  0.2561,  0.1515,  ..., -0.0836,  0.4067,  0.2986],
          ...,
          [-0.5186, -0.2428, -0.1416,  ..., -0.2000,  0.5864,  0.3257],
          [-0.1671,  0.2629, -0.2363,  ..., -0.2896,  0.5210,  0.4065],
          [ 0.0954,  0.6162, -0.1469,  ..., -0.4827,  0.6377,  0.3879]],

         [[ 0.5586, -0.7935, -0.0353,  ...,  0.9473, -0.1602,  0.5962],
          [ 0.5488, -0.7305,  0.1337,  ...,  0.6870, -0.9966,  1.5039],
          [ 0.7305, -0.6611, -0.0602,  ...,  0.6650, -0.5532,  0.9990],
          ...,
          [ 1.0801, -0.6953,  0.3247,  ...,  0.5151, -0.4548,  1.4014],
          [ 0.7690, -0.6030,  0.2820,  ...,  0.6060, -0.2761,  1.4912],
          [ 0.5498, -0.5474,  0.3047,  ...,  0.5142, -0.5464,  1.0371]]]],
       dtype=torch.float16), tensor([[[[ 3.5156e-02, -1.0449e-01,  5.3986e-02,  ..., -7.3779e-01,
           -1.5649e-01,  9.9414e-01],
          [ 2.2571e-01, -2.1399e-01, -2.0715e-01,  ..., -5.4004e-01,
           -3.4985e-01,  7.4365e-01],
          [-1.7261e-01,  1.2036e-01, -3.4888e-01,  ..., -4.9072e-01,
           -1.9800e-01,  6.1182e-01],
          ...,
          [ 6.6162e-02,  1.8591e-01, -4.1138e-01,  ..., -2.0996e-01,
           -4.1718e-02,  1.7566e-01],
          [ 5.7800e-02,  1.7090e-01, -1.6650e-01,  ..., -1.0803e-01,
            2.3376e-01,  6.2939e-01],
          [ 2.4316e-01,  5.2948e-02, -4.1187e-01,  ...,  9.4116e-02,
           -2.1802e-01,  3.2690e-01]],

         [[ 1.6235e-01,  4.2725e-01,  4.8145e-01,  ..., -9.6375e-02,
            5.9766e-01, -6.4307e-01],
          [-1.9043e-01,  1.1688e-02,  4.2041e-01,  ...,  2.8369e-01,
            2.5220e-01, -4.1626e-01],
          [-1.0962e-01,  5.1123e-01,  4.8242e-01,  ...,  2.9858e-01,
            2.6318e-01, -6.6553e-01],
          ...,
          [ 8.5815e-02,  3.8965e-01,  2.9224e-01,  ..., -6.7261e-02,
            1.0513e-02, -6.4258e-01],
          [-1.4832e-01, -1.9678e-01,  6.4600e-01,  ...,  1.7834e-01,
            4.4727e-01, -7.2607e-01],
          [ 1.1682e-01, -3.8147e-04,  2.6416e-01,  ..., -8.0017e-02,
            2.4512e-01, -5.0537e-01]],

         [[ 2.4536e-01,  4.6777e-01, -8.8965e-01,  ...,  6.9189e-01,
            6.6650e-01, -2.0203e-01],
          [ 7.1191e-01,  6.4941e-01, -8.7891e-01,  ...,  6.8311e-01,
            5.7666e-01,  1.1078e-01],
          [ 7.1729e-01,  8.4619e-01, -1.0830e+00,  ...,  8.0078e-01,
            3.6401e-01, -3.4375e-01],
          ...,
          [ 6.1035e-02,  4.7070e-01, -4.8193e-01,  ...,  4.5868e-02,
            5.1758e-01, -2.5317e-01],
          [ 3.6548e-01,  7.8271e-01, -4.8608e-01,  ...,  5.8594e-01,
            6.2451e-01, -2.6855e-01],
          [ 1.4600e-01,  6.3623e-01, -3.3545e-01,  ...,  4.2554e-01,
            5.5078e-01, -1.8768e-02]],

         ...,

         [[-2.7588e-01,  1.3611e-01,  1.8689e-01,  ..., -3.8306e-01,
            6.4026e-02,  8.3057e-01],
          [-1.1871e-01, -1.6516e-01,  5.8594e-01,  ..., -2.4500e-01,
            2.6428e-02,  9.2480e-01],
          [-4.9536e-01,  1.1987e-01,  4.2114e-01,  ..., -4.5337e-01,
           -2.1118e-01,  1.0303e+00],
          ...,
          [ 5.1172e-01,  9.2285e-01,  2.2949e-01,  ..., -1.4819e-01,
           -2.1179e-01,  2.2339e-01],
          [ 8.9874e-03,  7.6807e-01, -8.8928e-02,  ..., -1.7749e-01,
           -3.4839e-01,  4.9829e-01],
          [ 3.5498e-01,  1.0361e+00,  1.9678e-01,  ..., -1.9897e-01,
           -5.2686e-01,  3.6670e-01]],

         [[-1.9214e-01,  6.7920e-01, -5.9082e-01,  ...,  3.5645e-01,
            4.6045e-01, -9.9792e-02],
          [ 1.1084e-01,  6.3428e-01, -5.5273e-01,  ...,  5.0928e-01,
            6.0889e-01, -6.1475e-01],
          [-1.6968e-01,  3.8184e-01, -4.0625e-01,  ...,  8.6963e-01,
            3.5620e-01, -4.2310e-01],
          ...,
          [ 3.1958e-01, -4.4019e-01, -5.8105e-01,  ...,  7.9639e-01,
            1.4966e-01, -5.0781e-01],
          [ 2.4927e-01, -1.6687e-01, -5.6836e-01,  ...,  8.5547e-01,
            3.0640e-01, -1.8469e-01],
          [ 2.3547e-01, -2.4683e-01, -5.1465e-01,  ...,  7.9639e-01,
            1.6321e-01, -6.2939e-01]],

         [[-1.5942e-01, -3.0762e-01, -2.6318e-01,  ...,  4.8584e-01,
           -3.8281e-01,  1.8555e-01],
          [ 1.0828e-01,  6.3965e-02, -1.1359e-01,  ...,  6.5332e-01,
           -5.6543e-01, -3.5889e-01],
          [ 3.6841e-01,  2.8244e-02, -4.9976e-01,  ...,  5.1660e-01,
           -4.2358e-01, -1.9638e-02],
          ...,
          [ 5.5664e-01,  2.9565e-01, -2.3816e-01,  ...,  4.8486e-01,
           -5.0146e-01, -1.7517e-01],
          [ 5.1758e-01,  2.5195e-01, -3.2642e-01,  ...,  4.9487e-01,
           -1.9434e-01, -3.6353e-01],
          [ 3.5059e-01,  9.0820e-01, -6.1377e-01,  ...,  7.0312e-01,
           -6.5918e-01, -1.2451e-01]]]], dtype=torch.float16), tensor([[[[ 2.4536e-01, -4.9463e-01,  5.9814e-01,  ...,  2.3254e-01,
            8.8086e-01,  1.1855e+00],
          [ 9.8022e-02, -5.7861e-01,  1.1646e-01,  ...,  4.7534e-01,
            6.8213e-01,  9.6240e-01],
          [ 1.7273e-01, -7.5684e-01,  3.8062e-01,  ...,  2.3743e-01,
            1.0449e+00,  1.1973e+00],
          ...,
          [ 3.5889e-01, -8.3838e-01,  2.4756e-01,  ...,  3.1433e-03,
            1.0693e+00,  6.6016e-01],
          [ 3.4473e-01, -6.1865e-01,  4.4043e-01,  ...,  2.4463e-01,
            9.1064e-01,  9.4434e-01],
          [-7.4280e-02, -7.2900e-01,  8.5144e-02,  ...,  3.6060e-01,
            8.8818e-01,  1.0791e+00]],

         [[ 2.3608e-01, -2.9932e-01, -1.0244e+00,  ...,  6.1377e-01,
            3.8184e-01, -3.0981e-01],
          [-1.5881e-01, -1.4148e-01, -9.9463e-01,  ...,  1.8762e-01,
            7.2119e-01, -6.3858e-03],
          [-3.3545e-01,  2.0923e-01, -1.2227e+00,  ...,  1.0999e-01,
            6.7969e-01, -2.6270e-01],
          ...,
          [-2.5537e-01,  7.0703e-01, -1.0059e+00,  ...,  6.3293e-02,
            8.1982e-01,  2.5806e-01],
          [-2.1545e-01,  3.7085e-01, -7.6611e-01,  ..., -1.1041e-01,
            6.6846e-01, -1.1670e-01],
          [-3.1836e-01,  1.5540e-01, -1.0771e+00,  ..., -2.2595e-01,
            1.0557e+00,  5.9692e-02]],

         [[-9.6130e-02,  2.3328e-01,  4.8657e-01,  ...,  4.1406e-01,
           -6.4502e-01,  8.8167e-04],
          [-2.3499e-01,  2.9858e-01,  4.5801e-01,  ...,  8.2227e-01,
           -1.0229e-01, -4.0356e-01],
          [-4.0405e-01,  1.5564e-01,  2.8711e-01,  ...,  1.5259e-01,
            1.5063e-01, -9.1858e-02],
          ...,
          [-9.2896e-02, -2.0850e-01,  2.2571e-01,  ...,  3.4375e-01,
           -4.2896e-01,  1.9165e-01],
          [-4.2163e-01, -3.8330e-01,  1.6138e-01,  ...,  9.7351e-02,
           -1.7200e-01, -2.2720e-02],
          [ 2.7441e-01, -1.1145e-01, -3.5229e-01,  ...,  1.1993e-01,
           -6.9153e-02,  7.5150e-03]],

         ...,

         [[ 1.0382e-01,  1.7126e-01, -3.6548e-01,  ..., -3.7988e-01,
           -8.6719e-01, -6.3965e-01],
          [ 2.7905e-01, -6.3965e-02, -1.2500e-01,  ...,  1.8848e-01,
           -3.9136e-01, -9.3164e-01],
          [ 3.2593e-01,  1.8347e-01,  5.7030e-03,  ...,  1.1615e-01,
           -1.0645e+00, -4.7192e-01],
          ...,
          [ 3.0615e-01, -4.2627e-01, -1.8359e-01,  ...,  6.3019e-03,
           -4.0283e-01, -3.4448e-01],
          [-1.9873e-01, -1.0431e-01,  4.3091e-02,  ...,  6.4148e-02,
           -7.8369e-01, -7.8076e-01],
          [ 1.1914e-01, -2.7441e-01, -1.7944e-01,  ..., -9.1309e-02,
           -3.3521e-01, -1.3025e-01]],

         [[-3.1665e-01,  9.6777e-01,  3.2666e-01,  ..., -1.7261e-01,
            1.2952e-01,  1.1055e+00],
          [-5.5847e-02,  9.2090e-01,  4.2383e-01,  ...,  4.7363e-02,
            1.9617e-01,  1.7275e+00],
          [-1.3037e-01,  6.6553e-01, -2.9614e-01,  ...,  5.4980e-01,
           -1.2000e-01,  1.4834e+00],
          ...,
          [ 2.1606e-01,  2.4731e-01, -1.2754e+00,  ...,  2.1716e-01,
            5.1074e-01,  1.5215e+00],
          [ 2.7563e-01,  6.6406e-01, -1.0869e+00,  ...,  1.4282e-01,
            3.8843e-01,  1.2441e+00],
          [ 1.8359e-01,  1.7151e-02, -9.3652e-01,  ...,  4.3652e-01,
            5.9570e-01,  1.1406e+00]],

         [[-6.7688e-02,  2.6840e-02,  3.4912e-01,  ...,  4.4849e-01,
            1.1318e+00, -5.5322e-01],
          [ 9.4788e-02, -6.5796e-02,  4.4995e-01,  ...,  2.0007e-01,
            1.3311e+00, -5.9912e-01],
          [ 1.2549e-01,  1.7212e-01,  5.9375e-01,  ...,  2.3657e-01,
            1.2109e+00, -1.0071e-01],
          ...,
          [-7.4524e-02,  2.6465e-01, -1.0370e-01,  ...,  3.9819e-01,
            1.4189e+00,  7.4036e-02],
          [-1.1734e-02,  7.4646e-02, -4.8798e-02,  ...,  6.4062e-01,
            1.2441e+00,  2.4414e-02],
          [-1.9238e-01, -4.3774e-01, -2.0508e-01,  ...,  8.0566e-01,
            1.6006e+00,  4.2480e-01]]]], dtype=torch.float16), tensor([[[[-1.4014e-01, -1.6846e-01,  2.2095e-01,  ..., -3.0249e-01,
            3.7256e-01,  8.4082e-01],
          [-1.6370e-01,  7.3425e-02, -1.6846e-01,  ..., -4.6680e-01,
           -2.9541e-01,  5.3516e-01],
          [ 1.0284e-01, -1.4771e-01, -2.3547e-01,  ..., -1.8359e-01,
            1.3374e-02,  8.1836e-01],
          ...,
          [-2.1765e-01,  1.6003e-01,  4.4873e-01,  ..., -3.2471e-01,
            1.1401e-01,  5.2490e-01],
          [-4.6204e-02,  1.0023e-03,  9.6973e-01,  ..., -8.1299e-01,
            2.9736e-01,  9.1602e-01],
          [ 1.9421e-01,  3.6182e-01,  2.7344e-01,  ..., -2.9785e-01,
           -1.7029e-01,  7.7441e-01]],

         [[ 4.8975e-01,  4.0747e-01,  7.9041e-02,  ...,  4.6680e-01,
           -6.8262e-01, -1.3171e-01],
          [ 3.7085e-01,  3.5596e-01, -1.0574e-02,  ...,  3.3252e-01,
           -3.2739e-01,  2.6459e-02],
          [ 4.1870e-01,  6.2109e-01,  3.8281e-01,  ...,  5.2734e-01,
           -3.6792e-01,  6.6833e-02],
          ...,
          [ 8.6816e-01,  7.2510e-01,  2.1704e-01,  ...,  4.1748e-01,
           -5.5420e-01, -7.9395e-01],
          [ 8.0811e-01,  7.0264e-01,  1.6943e-01,  ...,  1.8176e-01,
           -6.6016e-01, -7.1436e-01],
          [ 5.9131e-01,  3.6230e-01,  6.3916e-01,  ...,  3.0933e-01,
           -6.4062e-01, -4.8755e-01]],

         [[-1.6125e-01, -1.4441e-01, -1.6956e-01,  ...,  5.3223e-01,
            4.2334e-01,  2.4857e-02],
          [-5.6543e-01,  8.2397e-02, -3.6957e-02,  ...,  5.7959e-01,
            5.5762e-01,  5.2002e-01],
          [-5.4248e-01, -8.6792e-02,  3.5864e-01,  ...,  3.3423e-01,
            7.0068e-01,  4.5605e-01],
          ...,
          [-5.2002e-01, -5.5566e-01,  5.1346e-03,  ...,  6.0010e-01,
            1.4673e-01,  1.2969e+00],
          [-8.9746e-01, -4.7729e-01, -1.6846e-01,  ...,  7.9443e-01,
            1.5613e-01,  1.2471e+00],
          [-4.9512e-01, -9.6664e-03,  1.4221e-01,  ...,  5.4785e-01,
            5.2832e-01,  9.9365e-01]],

         ...,

         [[ 3.7061e-01, -5.9912e-01,  1.0088e+00,  ..., -4.2676e-01,
            6.1951e-02, -3.8965e-01],
          [ 2.9199e-01, -3.5938e-01,  9.6826e-01,  ..., -5.0000e-01,
            2.3767e-01,  7.3303e-02],
          [ 5.5908e-01, -1.8152e-01,  1.0352e+00,  ..., -3.0322e-01,
            3.6694e-01, -1.3855e-01],
          ...,
          [ 8.1201e-01, -6.3965e-01,  9.6094e-01,  ..., -5.2490e-02,
            7.0068e-02, -5.5908e-01],
          [ 6.8018e-01, -5.8301e-01,  9.6826e-01,  ..., -6.8909e-02,
            3.5278e-01, -5.7227e-01],
          [ 1.2490e+00, -3.0469e-01,  9.4824e-01,  ..., -2.4915e-01,
           -1.5430e-01, -6.7285e-01]],

         [[-5.0781e-01, -1.2031e+00,  4.0137e-01,  ..., -3.5693e-01,
           -1.1016e+00,  1.2676e+00],
          [-5.0391e-01, -1.0820e+00,  5.4248e-01,  ..., -9.3872e-02,
           -1.3174e+00,  1.4629e+00],
          [-6.8896e-01, -7.8564e-01,  4.5020e-01,  ...,  7.6111e-02,
           -1.1377e+00,  7.3096e-01],
          ...,
          [-3.8232e-01, -5.3857e-01, -1.5100e-01,  ..., -7.5439e-02,
           -7.6025e-01,  5.9375e-01],
          [-3.3521e-01, -6.5771e-01, -6.9458e-02,  ..., -6.6223e-02,
           -9.1797e-01,  7.6025e-01],
          [-3.4595e-01, -4.0308e-01, -3.8354e-01,  ...,  2.6074e-01,
           -1.1172e+00,  6.7627e-01]],

         [[-7.4036e-02,  4.9146e-01, -3.1714e-01,  ..., -3.8794e-01,
           -6.2695e-01,  4.6362e-01],
          [-1.4539e-01,  4.2236e-01, -6.3721e-01,  ..., -5.5762e-01,
           -4.3115e-01,  1.7773e-01],
          [-1.6431e-01,  3.9331e-01, -3.4790e-01,  ..., -6.2891e-01,
           -5.2881e-01,  6.2500e-01],
          ...,
          [-5.6055e-01, -1.6528e-01, -2.0093e-01,  ..., -6.7285e-01,
            1.8640e-01,  1.1162e+00],
          [-8.9404e-01, -1.4966e-01,  1.4709e-01,  ..., -5.3809e-01,
            6.1493e-02,  1.0674e+00],
          [-5.7812e-01, -5.8105e-01, -1.8677e-01,  ..., -4.3115e-01,
           -9.3079e-02,  8.5400e-01]]]], dtype=torch.float16), tensor([[[[-0.5796, -0.4749, -0.3101,  ...,  0.2454, -0.6182, -1.0898],
          [-0.7104, -0.7363, -0.6367,  ...,  0.6938, -0.3694, -1.6406],
          [-0.9941, -0.5850, -0.7510,  ...,  0.4189, -0.5957, -1.2969],
          ...,
          [-1.5791, -0.3950, -0.8682,  ...,  0.4402, -0.9678, -0.8110],
          [-1.1650, -0.5972, -0.7427,  ...,  0.4116, -0.7041, -0.8052],
          [-1.2754, -0.3640, -0.9727,  ...,  0.1112, -0.7412, -0.9790]],

         [[ 0.0866,  0.3071, -0.8413,  ..., -0.7451, -0.6543,  1.1201],
          [ 0.1879,  0.5591, -1.0654,  ..., -0.4573, -0.6782,  1.1621],
          [ 0.3611,  0.7588, -0.7061,  ..., -0.2961, -0.8057,  1.2041],
          ...,
          [ 0.0523,  0.3523, -1.4033,  ...,  0.5532, -1.0449,  0.3630],
          [-0.0322,  0.2854, -1.1641,  ...,  0.3386, -0.8350,  0.6475],
          [-0.2122,  0.2842, -1.0215,  ...,  0.3047, -0.7695,  0.5659]],

         [[ 0.2834,  0.3962,  0.9336,  ..., -0.3535, -0.1318, -0.5415],
          [-0.0291,  0.5327,  1.0205,  ..., -0.8721, -0.1819, -1.1406],
          [-0.2830,  0.5591,  0.8628,  ..., -0.3684,  0.1752, -0.6211],
          ...,
          [-0.0587,  0.1926,  0.8853,  ..., -0.7939, -0.0363, -0.1881],
          [-0.3042,  0.1669,  0.7939,  ..., -0.7280, -0.0481, -0.4021],
          [-0.2678,  0.1305,  0.7104,  ..., -0.5933,  0.0833, -0.2896]],

         ...,

         [[ 0.0894, -0.5898, -0.5605,  ...,  0.5811, -0.3572,  0.1277],
          [ 0.0232, -0.6797, -0.1951,  ...,  0.5210,  0.2494,  0.1549],
          [-0.0301, -0.8276, -0.0446,  ...,  0.7490,  0.1301, -0.2241],
          ...,
          [ 0.0134, -0.8813, -0.5347,  ...,  0.7778,  0.2069, -0.0523],
          [-0.0314, -1.0947, -0.0344,  ...,  0.8911,  0.2380,  0.1478],
          [ 0.0064, -0.7319, -0.2549,  ...,  0.4490,  0.5308, -0.1008]],

         [[ 0.1738,  0.0132,  0.0352,  ..., -0.4275,  0.1137,  0.6230],
          [ 0.2350, -0.0471,  0.3528,  ...,  0.0984, -0.1605,  0.5083],
          [ 0.5361, -0.0665,  0.4570,  ..., -0.0875, -0.3479,  0.4814],
          ...,
          [ 0.4868, -0.0630,  0.2646,  ...,  0.1400, -0.4985,  0.6377],
          [ 0.4329, -0.3147,  0.3826,  ..., -0.1284, -0.5518,  0.5962],
          [ 0.5483,  0.0227,  0.1128,  ...,  0.0639, -0.5679,  0.2954]],

         [[-0.4253,  0.5786,  0.9370,  ...,  0.3042, -0.2194,  0.1039],
          [-0.1692,  0.7275,  0.8750,  ...,  0.8550, -0.1980, -0.4478],
          [-0.2189,  0.6724,  0.7495,  ...,  0.6880, -0.3958, -0.1981],
          ...,
          [-0.2117,  0.6177,  0.3748,  ...,  1.1270, -0.7896,  0.1484],
          [-0.2656,  0.7832,  0.3699,  ...,  1.0518, -0.9155,  0.2542],
          [ 0.1156,  0.8179,  0.4541,  ...,  0.8335, -1.1816,  0.0246]]]],
       dtype=torch.float16), tensor([[[[-0.3545, -0.2371, -0.4951,  ...,  0.2150,  0.0789, -0.9541],
          [-0.0401, -0.1351, -0.9204,  ...,  0.4846,  0.3486, -1.0381],
          [-0.2903, -0.3491, -0.9321,  ...,  0.2249,  0.3452, -0.5664],
          ...,
          [-0.6572, -0.6650, -0.5645,  ...,  0.5518, -0.4297, -0.5166],
          [-0.4604, -0.8281, -1.0273,  ...,  0.5610, -0.2764, -0.6377],
          [-0.6270, -0.5356, -0.4771,  ...,  0.2693, -0.2385, -0.5347]],

         [[ 0.0839, -0.1982, -0.3079,  ..., -0.0825, -0.9375, -0.7871],
          [ 0.0633, -0.1222, -0.4941,  ...,  0.4824, -1.3838, -0.9292],
          [-0.3040, -0.1637, -0.1118,  ...,  0.4155, -1.2266, -1.2148],
          ...,
          [-0.7095, -0.3098, -0.4624,  ..., -0.3196, -1.0977, -0.7900],
          [-0.6846, -0.1782, -0.2007,  ..., -0.2084, -1.2627, -1.0742],
          [-0.4058, -0.3262, -0.2834,  ..., -0.0065, -1.2441, -1.0996]],

         [[-0.5703,  0.0658,  0.1873,  ..., -0.2214,  0.1177, -0.0842],
          [-0.2129, -0.0335,  0.2573,  ..., -0.1478,  0.1088,  0.1929],
          [-0.2241,  0.1431, -0.2805,  ...,  0.1476, -0.0375, -0.2362],
          ...,
          [-0.2551,  0.0375, -0.3091,  ...,  0.5039,  0.4299, -0.3354],
          [-0.1002, -0.0424, -0.2092,  ...,  0.7070,  0.3735, -0.0076],
          [-0.1666, -0.1899, -0.2103,  ...,  0.5312,  0.8311, -0.3313]],

         ...,

         [[-0.3018, -0.1426,  0.3984,  ...,  0.2211, -0.3140,  1.0469],
          [-0.2147, -0.2400,  0.5840,  ...,  0.0873,  0.0237,  1.0566],
          [-0.3442, -0.3662,  0.4333,  ...,  0.2264, -0.3867,  0.8159],
          ...,
          [ 0.0456,  0.3000,  0.7339,  ...,  0.5664, -0.2505,  0.5894],
          [ 0.3176,  0.1385,  0.1974,  ...,  0.7930,  0.0653,  0.6064],
          [-0.0399,  0.3115,  0.4971,  ...,  0.7070,  0.0477,  0.5322]],

         [[-0.2104,  0.7109, -0.0347,  ...,  1.3398, -0.2369,  0.9736],
          [-0.2454,  0.7075, -0.4412,  ...,  1.0693, -0.3472,  1.2881],
          [-0.5210,  0.5962,  0.0844,  ...,  1.1875, -0.1421,  1.0693],
          ...,
          [-0.5859, -0.2128,  0.5537,  ...,  1.7764, -0.6255,  1.0615],
          [-0.4375,  0.1279,  0.5557,  ...,  1.5518, -0.7676,  1.0371],
          [-0.1240, -0.0768,  0.5566,  ...,  1.2725, -0.7227,  0.9014]],

         [[ 0.2106, -0.2181,  0.0987,  ..., -0.3594,  0.1072, -0.2732],
          [ 0.3206, -0.5361, -0.3977,  ..., -0.1379,  0.1063, -0.3469],
          [ 0.4351, -0.2495, -0.4414,  ...,  0.1377,  0.1005, -0.0544],
          ...,
          [ 0.1351, -0.0314, -0.2468,  ...,  0.4172,  0.0763,  0.0076],
          [ 0.4600, -0.4055, -0.1801,  ...,  0.4893,  0.3105, -0.0758],
          [ 0.2847, -0.2786, -0.3374,  ...,  0.5679, -0.0289, -0.0082]]]],
       dtype=torch.float16), tensor([[[[-6.3477e-01,  2.4023e-01, -4.5654e-01,  ...,  5.0125e-03,
            6.0205e-01, -9.1614e-02],
          [-3.6377e-01,  6.4062e-01, -3.1641e-01,  ...,  4.3030e-02,
            4.7583e-01, -2.8101e-01],
          [-7.3975e-02,  3.9038e-01, -4.6875e-01,  ...,  3.5614e-02,
            6.6455e-01, -2.8931e-01],
          ...,
          [-7.8064e-02,  5.9033e-01, -5.3369e-01,  ..., -1.8152e-01,
            8.3862e-02,  2.9816e-02],
          [-3.6316e-02,  1.7578e-01, -7.8711e-01,  ..., -2.7441e-01,
            5.9967e-02, -2.2388e-01],
          [-1.2231e-01,  5.5469e-01, -7.5879e-01,  ..., -1.4050e-01,
            1.2854e-01, -8.2031e-02]],

         [[ 7.0605e-01,  1.5796e-01,  3.7549e-01,  ..., -1.0681e-01,
           -3.7402e-01, -1.6174e-01],
          [ 4.3628e-01,  5.5811e-01,  4.5703e-01,  ..., -5.4443e-01,
           -2.6904e-01, -3.9282e-01],
          [ 6.9287e-01,  2.9077e-01,  5.7520e-01,  ..., -3.3374e-01,
           -2.2571e-01, -4.0015e-01],
          ...,
          [ 1.0907e-01,  9.1650e-01,  9.9268e-01,  ..., -3.4692e-01,
           -3.5571e-01, -1.6992e-01],
          [-1.9714e-02,  5.1562e-01,  1.2520e+00,  ..., -1.2988e-01,
           -3.8574e-01, -1.5027e-01],
          [ 2.7002e-01,  7.5293e-01,  9.4727e-01,  ..., -2.8955e-01,
           -1.3110e-01, -7.9823e-04]],

         [[ 7.4414e-01, -1.0947e+00, -8.5144e-02,  ..., -4.2163e-01,
           -6.8506e-01, -2.1741e-01],
          [ 7.1973e-01, -5.6152e-01, -7.3730e-02,  ..., -6.3672e-01,
           -6.9238e-01, -1.9128e-01],
          [ 6.7090e-01, -4.5044e-01, -2.6123e-01,  ..., -3.8452e-01,
           -5.8984e-01, -1.5515e-01],
          ...,
          [ 8.8428e-01, -5.4248e-01, -6.3330e-01,  ..., -1.9568e-01,
           -5.1709e-01, -6.2598e-01],
          [ 9.2041e-01, -6.4258e-01, -4.4556e-01,  ..., -3.4961e-01,
           -6.8945e-01, -4.9121e-01],
          [ 1.0312e+00, -3.0566e-01, -8.1836e-01,  ..., -1.8921e-01,
           -6.4697e-01, -5.3662e-01]],

         ...,

         [[-6.5125e-02, -4.7534e-01,  2.9663e-01,  ...,  5.7764e-01,
           -1.9604e-01,  7.6465e-01],
          [ 1.4526e-01, -1.7285e-01,  2.0542e-03,  ...,  7.9150e-01,
           -1.3440e-01,  7.7734e-01],
          [ 2.0660e-02, -4.5020e-01, -7.5989e-02,  ...,  6.1084e-01,
           -3.5522e-02,  7.7100e-01],
          ...,
          [-6.6040e-02,  5.3345e-02,  6.4758e-02,  ..., -1.1584e-01,
           -1.6956e-01,  4.5312e-01],
          [-1.5430e-01, -1.8570e-02,  2.6758e-01,  ..., -1.9189e-01,
           -1.6943e-01,  6.7432e-01],
          [-5.1904e-01, -9.3933e-02,  6.0211e-02,  ...,  1.7688e-01,
           -1.5283e-01,  1.6663e-01]],

         [[ 2.6709e-01,  1.2979e+00,  1.6980e-01,  ..., -8.9111e-01,
            3.6523e-01, -2.1033e-01],
          [ 6.0303e-01,  1.2969e+00,  2.9102e-01,  ..., -1.3291e+00,
            1.2903e-01, -5.2704e-02],
          [ 3.7573e-01,  1.3379e+00,  2.8641e-02,  ..., -1.3740e+00,
            1.6956e-01, -1.9287e-01],
          ...,
          [ 3.1226e-01,  6.8018e-01, -7.4158e-02,  ..., -8.5254e-01,
            6.6589e-02,  3.0322e-01],
          [ 2.7271e-01,  5.0049e-01,  4.1821e-01,  ..., -8.0957e-01,
           -3.9868e-01,  4.1748e-01],
          [ 4.9243e-01,  5.8057e-01,  3.9258e-01,  ..., -6.0156e-01,
           -3.4253e-01,  4.5337e-01]],

         [[ 5.4395e-01,  4.2090e-01,  3.1030e-01,  ..., -1.0645e+00,
           -1.8506e-01, -1.5588e-01],
          [ 9.2334e-01,  3.2422e-01,  3.9258e-01,  ..., -1.0361e+00,
           -4.4800e-01, -2.3193e-02],
          [ 9.3359e-01,  1.6174e-01,  2.4780e-01,  ..., -1.0146e+00,
           -3.6743e-01,  3.8965e-01],
          ...,
          [ 8.8477e-01,  3.0640e-01, -2.6221e-01,  ..., -9.1602e-01,
           -8.2568e-01,  4.8901e-01],
          [ 6.1230e-01,  2.7124e-01, -2.7563e-01,  ..., -1.1514e+00,
           -7.2656e-01,  4.4531e-01],
          [ 8.6035e-01,  6.1005e-02, -1.5698e-01,  ..., -6.6113e-01,
           -5.8057e-01,  2.0581e-01]]]], dtype=torch.float16), tensor([[[[-2.1912e-01, -9.0186e-01, -3.3325e-01,  ..., -1.4856e-01,
           -3.1958e-01, -2.7563e-01],
          [-3.4473e-01, -5.7080e-01, -2.8687e-01,  ..., -3.1055e-01,
            3.9258e-01, -3.6084e-01],
          [-1.3416e-01, -1.4819e-01,  1.3452e-01,  ..., -4.8804e-01,
            3.6377e-01, -4.2480e-01],
          ...,
          [-3.3398e-01, -3.3618e-01,  1.6296e-01,  ..., -5.8008e-01,
            4.1602e-01,  5.7449e-03],
          [ 5.4657e-02, -3.5742e-01,  3.8818e-02,  ..., -4.5508e-01,
            4.1528e-01, -2.2229e-01],
          [-5.5957e-01, -3.5962e-01,  2.1399e-01,  ..., -5.5859e-01,
            5.4443e-01,  6.3232e-02]],

         [[ 9.4116e-02,  1.6804e-03,  9.8486e-01,  ..., -4.5483e-01,
            6.4621e-03, -4.4946e-01],
          [ 2.0544e-01, -3.4473e-01,  7.2656e-01,  ..., -3.7451e-01,
           -1.2781e-01, -3.3862e-01],
          [ 3.9990e-01,  2.1606e-01,  1.1934e+00,  ..., -5.8057e-01,
           -4.1602e-01,  8.3313e-02],
          ...,
          [ 3.1616e-01,  6.9824e-02,  1.1816e+00,  ..., -7.6660e-01,
           -2.9395e-01, -3.6206e-01],
          [ 5.8289e-02,  2.7417e-01,  1.0029e+00,  ..., -4.4678e-01,
           -3.4546e-01, -3.7134e-01],
          [ 9.4299e-03, -1.4795e-01,  1.0781e+00,  ..., -6.8457e-01,
           -2.2705e-01, -4.6509e-01]],

         [[-2.0254e+00,  2.6276e-02,  7.5879e-01,  ..., -4.7705e-01,
           -1.8530e-01, -8.6816e-01],
          [-2.4297e+00,  2.5330e-02,  9.7412e-01,  ..., -4.1479e-01,
           -4.1284e-01, -6.2402e-01],
          [-1.9365e+00,  3.5950e-02,  8.5645e-01,  ..., -6.6211e-01,
           -6.0938e-01, -7.3779e-01],
          ...,
          [-1.7861e+00, -1.2390e-01,  7.9443e-01,  ..., -6.8945e-01,
           -6.6992e-01, -9.5801e-01],
          [-2.1465e+00, -8.2642e-02,  7.2705e-01,  ..., -8.3398e-01,
           -7.5830e-01, -1.1240e+00],
          [-2.1113e+00, -6.7932e-02,  6.6309e-01,  ..., -7.4951e-01,
           -6.8262e-01, -6.0840e-01]],

         ...,

         [[ 3.9917e-01, -2.6782e-01,  3.8550e-01,  ...,  5.7861e-01,
           -1.5991e-01,  2.3181e-01],
          [ 5.1270e-01, -3.1494e-02,  2.0715e-01,  ...,  5.8984e-01,
           -1.3879e-01, -1.2598e-01],
          [ 4.8193e-01,  4.7699e-02,  3.8719e-03,  ...,  3.9941e-01,
           -1.2781e-01, -6.9092e-02],
          ...,
          [ 1.0225e+00, -3.0859e-01,  4.1016e-01,  ...,  3.9844e-01,
           -2.4023e-01,  3.3813e-01],
          [ 8.1055e-01, -1.9739e-01,  3.2080e-01,  ...,  3.2422e-01,
           -3.5718e-01, -3.3264e-03],
          [ 1.1455e+00, -3.2593e-01,  3.8208e-01,  ...,  4.9390e-01,
            6.0501e-03,  3.7573e-01]],

         [[-1.0615e+00,  1.2441e+00, -1.6638e-01,  ...,  7.1973e-01,
           -5.0391e-01,  1.0088e+00],
          [-1.0938e+00,  9.4336e-01, -2.6221e-01,  ...,  8.0908e-01,
           -6.0645e-01,  8.3789e-01],
          [-1.0215e+00,  1.1504e+00, -3.2690e-01,  ...,  7.0166e-01,
           -2.8931e-02,  4.0820e-01],
          ...,
          [-2.5024e-01,  1.1211e+00, -1.1017e-01,  ...,  8.3594e-01,
           -7.4585e-02,  6.8994e-01],
          [-6.1133e-01,  1.2236e+00, -1.6992e-01,  ...,  1.0098e+00,
           -1.5686e-01,  5.9180e-01],
          [-6.4990e-01,  1.2305e+00, -9.4238e-02,  ...,  1.1113e+00,
           -1.7456e-01,  5.7666e-01]],

         [[-8.5059e-01,  4.8511e-01,  4.9487e-01,  ...,  3.7036e-01,
           -4.5557e-01,  6.1328e-01],
          [-1.1094e+00, -4.1779e-02,  5.3906e-01,  ...,  4.3384e-01,
            2.3132e-01,  6.3770e-01],
          [-1.1455e+00, -2.2876e-01,  6.8555e-01,  ...,  6.0352e-01,
           -1.1365e-01,  6.4111e-01],
          ...,
          [-1.0498e+00, -5.0391e-01,  8.7598e-01,  ...,  9.3628e-02,
           -5.6592e-01,  2.8809e-01],
          [-1.1396e+00, -3.5376e-01,  8.3057e-01,  ...,  6.4209e-02,
           -5.1074e-01,  1.4551e-01],
          [-1.2900e+00, -3.0664e-01,  7.8271e-01,  ...,  1.5234e-01,
           -6.3525e-01,  2.5073e-01]]]], dtype=torch.float16), tensor([[[[ 0.2893, -0.5386, -0.6069,  ..., -0.4272, -0.4302, -0.2864],
          [ 0.7021, -0.5977, -0.4990,  ..., -0.3291, -0.2109, -0.0103],
          [ 0.5112, -0.2554, -0.5093,  ..., -0.2593, -0.3757,  0.0025],
          ...,
          [ 0.4963, -0.2747,  0.3298,  ..., -0.6064, -0.0526, -0.3677],
          [ 0.8403,  0.0977,  0.4236,  ..., -0.6260,  0.3193, -0.5039],
          [ 0.1188,  0.0279,  0.1442,  ..., -0.4368,  0.1083, -0.5815]],

         [[-0.4922, -0.3748, -0.2993,  ...,  0.0482, -0.0819, -0.3608],
          [-0.2920, -0.5376, -0.0068,  ...,  0.4211,  0.0429, -0.3848],
          [-0.3647, -0.4597, -0.1046,  ...,  0.4731,  0.1392,  0.0815],
          ...,
          [-0.1899, -0.2130, -0.3694,  ...,  0.3354, -0.5576, -0.1559],
          [-0.2203,  0.0163, -0.5503,  ...,  0.2483, -0.4971, -0.2341],
          [-0.2698, -0.1810, -0.4338,  ...,  0.5342, -0.3032, -0.2024]],

         [[-0.5767, -0.9941, -0.4341,  ..., -0.7490, -0.3325,  0.3718],
          [-0.4185, -0.6138, -0.5024,  ..., -0.2942, -0.2461,  0.5728],
          [-0.2458, -0.8779, -0.0807,  ..., -0.7007, -0.5059,  0.5918],
          ...,
          [ 0.0490, -0.9609, -0.1821,  ..., -1.0322, -0.3274,  0.4438],
          [ 0.0101, -1.0938,  0.3291,  ..., -1.2344, -0.5483,  0.4285],
          [ 0.0717, -1.0986, -0.4158,  ..., -1.2812, -0.3457,  0.3562]],

         ...,

         [[-0.6372,  0.7285, -0.3977,  ..., -0.0613, -0.5010, -0.3279],
          [-0.4817,  0.8223, -0.6567,  ...,  0.0358, -0.6001, -0.3257],
          [-0.5317,  0.8828, -0.8691,  ...,  0.1053, -0.5352, -0.4717],
          ...,
          [-0.5229,  0.2910, -0.1036,  ...,  0.1609, -0.1532, -0.7817],
          [-0.7217,  0.3289, -0.1857,  ...,  0.0341, -0.1521, -0.6338],
          [-0.8628,  0.2849, -0.2581,  ...,  0.1272, -0.4338, -0.6465]],

         [[-0.3999,  1.7334, -1.1494,  ...,  0.2255,  0.4089,  0.3596],
          [-0.1008,  1.7568, -0.9385,  ...,  0.0104,  0.4033,  0.3633],
          [-0.2321,  1.3965, -0.8052,  ..., -0.0773,  0.4673,  0.4424],
          ...,
          [-0.0395,  1.3809, -1.0039,  ..., -0.3354,  0.0941,  0.0348],
          [-0.2078,  1.3086, -0.7739,  ..., -0.0343,  0.3640,  0.3816],
          [-0.2615,  1.2461, -0.7725,  ...,  0.0672, -0.0092,  0.2496]],

         [[ 0.3208,  0.6592,  0.9434,  ...,  0.7026, -0.1891, -0.1740],
          [ 0.3513,  0.4683,  0.7285,  ...,  0.5029,  0.1986,  0.0630],
          [ 0.0839,  0.5742,  0.7075,  ...,  0.2739, -0.0659,  0.0052],
          ...,
          [ 0.2037,  0.1946,  0.4216,  ...,  0.8042, -0.4143, -0.0065],
          [ 0.3853,  0.5811,  0.2688,  ...,  1.0137, -0.6245,  0.1865],
          [ 0.4900,  0.1465,  0.3218,  ...,  0.5327, -0.3276, -0.1299]]]],
       dtype=torch.float16), tensor([[[[ 0.0525,  0.5332,  1.0225,  ..., -0.3081,  0.4846,  0.5557],
          [-0.1757,  0.8740,  1.4785,  ..., -0.1012,  0.3738,  0.9590],
          [-0.2913,  0.9604,  1.2471,  ..., -0.1454,  0.0028,  1.0918],
          ...,
          [ 0.6782,  0.2661,  1.1650,  ...,  0.2976, -0.2144,  1.1514],
          [ 0.6982,  0.0959,  1.0771,  ...,  0.0145, -0.0651,  1.3340],
          [ 0.4417,  0.2189,  1.0840,  ...,  0.1231, -0.4231,  1.4717]],

         [[ 0.3728, -0.3689, -0.9897,  ...,  0.8628, -0.1102,  0.3743],
          [ 0.5688, -0.5220, -0.7134,  ...,  1.1006,  0.1113,  0.1365],
          [ 0.2354, -0.1045, -0.9551,  ...,  1.0576,  0.0087,  0.4758],
          ...,
          [ 0.6543, -0.5688, -0.9951,  ...,  1.0684,  0.3682,  0.1759],
          [ 0.2401, -0.1266, -0.9619,  ...,  1.0742,  0.1361,  0.3201],
          [ 0.0391, -0.3354, -1.0322,  ...,  0.9995, -0.0870,  0.2236]],

         [[-0.1409, -0.7026,  0.4976,  ..., -0.3569, -0.7881, -0.3274],
          [ 0.0434, -0.5903,  0.2079,  ..., -0.4116, -0.4419, -0.3931],
          [-0.2427, -0.5376,  0.0648,  ..., -0.3215, -0.2932, -0.4124],
          ...,
          [ 0.0460, -0.7749,  0.2416,  ..., -0.2341,  0.3821, -0.9336],
          [-0.0754, -0.8081,  0.0704,  ..., -0.2070,  0.4441, -0.9702],
          [ 0.0228, -0.7676,  0.1512,  ..., -0.1343,  0.0312, -1.1914]],

         ...,

         [[ 1.3135,  0.2262, -1.1455,  ...,  0.0363,  0.4417, -0.6445],
          [ 1.0938,  0.1285, -1.1182,  ...,  0.0434,  0.2695, -0.4316],
          [ 0.9004,  0.1951, -0.8242,  ...,  0.0188,  0.2625, -0.6538],
          ...,
          [ 0.3193,  0.2869, -0.3599,  ...,  0.0676, -0.4121, -0.6958],
          [ 0.0802,  0.1973, -0.6108,  ...,  0.0379, -0.1009, -0.6182],
          [ 0.3372,  0.0734, -0.7930,  ..., -0.1306, -0.4382, -0.6909]],

         [[ 0.6265,  0.0537,  0.6187,  ...,  0.2566, -0.5615, -0.6230],
          [ 0.6929, -0.1394,  0.5581,  ...,  0.2280, -0.4365, -0.5176],
          [ 0.9541,  0.2878,  0.8228,  ...,  0.2010, -0.0952, -0.2627],
          ...,
          [ 0.3030,  0.1130,  0.9829,  ...,  0.6152, -0.1102, -0.0439],
          [ 0.1721,  0.4785,  0.8569,  ...,  0.6201,  0.0727, -0.3362],
          [ 0.0108,  0.3174,  1.1406,  ...,  0.5977, -0.0029, -0.1641]],

         [[ 0.3831, -0.0340, -0.4148,  ...,  0.2534, -0.3391,  0.6533],
          [-0.5171, -0.1132, -0.4673,  ..., -0.0492, -0.0647,  0.9331],
          [-0.2206, -0.3501, -0.4751,  ..., -0.2786, -0.1066,  0.9360],
          ...,
          [ 0.1221,  0.1846, -0.1777,  ..., -0.1780, -0.4893,  0.3274],
          [ 0.3164, -0.1121, -0.1219,  ...,  0.1670, -0.2104,  0.4500],
          [ 0.3430, -0.1371, -0.2222,  ..., -0.3167, -0.2751,  0.4963]]]],
       dtype=torch.float16), tensor([[[[ 7.7148e-01,  7.9102e-01,  5.8936e-01,  ..., -1.5710e-01,
           -4.8022e-01,  9.7778e-02],
          [ 4.4775e-01,  6.0840e-01,  4.9414e-01,  ..., -8.1406e-03,
           -2.1439e-02, -5.5359e-02],
          [ 7.1387e-01,  5.7178e-01,  7.0068e-01,  ..., -5.9448e-02,
           -4.0405e-02, -6.2744e-02],
          ...,
          [ 5.5762e-01,  8.3887e-01,  2.6514e-01,  ..., -2.6196e-01,
           -5.3558e-02,  4.6533e-01],
          [ 6.4844e-01,  9.5166e-01,  8.3679e-02,  ..., -3.9380e-01,
            5.5420e-02,  3.7280e-01],
          [ 4.8145e-01,  6.6064e-01,  1.3525e-01,  ..., -5.9229e-01,
            5.0659e-02,  4.7290e-01]],

         [[ 1.2866e-01, -2.8833e-01, -3.4106e-01,  ..., -3.5303e-01,
           -1.0410e+00,  5.3271e-01],
          [-2.2437e-01, -3.6011e-01, -4.8242e-01,  ..., -2.3727e-02,
           -7.3535e-01, -6.6711e-02],
          [ 2.6054e-03, -2.7588e-01, -8.6377e-01,  ..., -2.0520e-01,
           -6.4307e-01,  1.8738e-01],
          ...,
          [-3.2422e-01, -1.7639e-01, -5.8447e-01,  ...,  6.8542e-02,
           -3.1494e-01,  3.1909e-01],
          [-1.1951e-01, -2.7368e-01, -7.3682e-01,  ..., -1.5707e-03,
           -3.6597e-01,  2.1350e-01],
          [-3.3594e-01, -5.1855e-01, -8.1299e-01,  ...,  3.5217e-02,
           -4.3726e-01,  1.5137e-01]],

         [[ 9.9976e-02, -3.3545e-01, -2.8735e-01,  ..., -1.0391e+00,
            3.3665e-03, -1.6150e-01],
          [ 9.2896e-02, -3.4473e-01, -3.1274e-01,  ..., -1.0908e+00,
           -4.3774e-01, -4.5728e-01],
          [ 2.5293e-01, -1.8750e-01, -2.0984e-01,  ..., -1.3877e+00,
           -3.2935e-01, -5.2948e-02],
          ...,
          [ 3.5962e-01, -5.3418e-01, -3.2300e-01,  ..., -6.3965e-01,
           -2.3022e-01, -7.6855e-01],
          [ 1.7609e-02, -7.0459e-01, -2.3218e-01,  ..., -7.3584e-01,
            6.3416e-02, -9.4922e-01],
          [ 2.4341e-01, -3.7500e-01, -1.1223e-02,  ..., -8.7939e-01,
           -4.8553e-02, -7.9590e-01]],

         ...,

         [[-1.0234e+00,  6.1084e-01,  3.1090e-03,  ...,  3.6621e-01,
           -1.6650e+00, -3.0151e-01],
          [-1.1729e+00,  5.5908e-01,  1.0791e-01,  ...,  3.2910e-01,
           -1.6152e+00, -4.9652e-02],
          [-9.8535e-01,  4.6680e-01, -2.1631e-01,  ...,  1.5283e-01,
           -1.4229e+00, -8.9722e-02],
          ...,
          [-9.1943e-01,  4.5068e-01,  3.3350e-01,  ...,  2.9663e-01,
           -1.2119e+00,  3.0933e-01],
          [-1.0303e+00,  2.9858e-01,  5.6738e-01,  ...,  1.0577e-01,
           -7.9590e-01, -1.7090e-01],
          [-1.2061e+00,  3.3008e-01,  4.5361e-01,  ..., -5.8716e-02,
           -8.7061e-01,  5.3162e-02]],

         [[ 5.2734e-01, -5.7080e-01,  5.8838e-01,  ..., -8.0762e-01,
            3.7793e-01, -6.0986e-01],
          [ 6.0938e-01, -4.9951e-01,  1.0645e+00,  ..., -5.6592e-01,
            3.4692e-01, -3.7109e-01],
          [ 6.1914e-01, -8.0957e-01,  1.2012e+00,  ..., -6.0156e-01,
            8.5144e-02, -4.4873e-01],
          ...,
          [ 3.7695e-01, -2.4194e-01,  1.0830e+00,  ..., -1.2979e+00,
            1.3904e-01, -2.9517e-01],
          [ 6.1279e-01, -7.2168e-01,  1.0000e+00,  ..., -1.5273e+00,
            1.7017e-01, -3.1152e-01],
          [ 4.6826e-01, -4.0625e-01,  9.0674e-01,  ..., -1.5068e+00,
           -3.0090e-02, -3.8281e-01]],

         [[ 8.3398e-01,  8.2129e-01, -2.3389e-01,  ..., -1.8176e-01,
           -3.9575e-01, -2.1948e-01],
          [ 3.9673e-01,  3.4009e-01, -1.4062e-01,  ..., -2.0435e-01,
           -2.7661e-01, -4.6460e-01],
          [ 6.5723e-01,  3.0518e-01, -2.8760e-01,  ..., -9.9487e-02,
           -4.5044e-02, -2.9248e-01],
          ...,
          [ 1.5686e-01,  4.8364e-01,  1.1676e-01,  ..., -4.0771e-01,
           -2.2058e-01, -4.8291e-01],
          [ 2.5781e-01,  6.0400e-01,  4.6997e-02,  ..., -2.5610e-01,
           -7.2388e-02, -3.9478e-01],
          [ 2.1643e-01,  4.2285e-01,  1.4355e-01,  ..., -3.9062e-01,
           -3.5327e-01, -3.0933e-01]]]], dtype=torch.float16), tensor([[[[ 0.0775,  1.1973, -0.3701,  ..., -0.4963, -0.3667, -0.2996],
          [ 0.0318,  1.0156, -0.4646,  ..., -0.1981, -0.0553, -0.6133],
          [ 0.0269,  0.7222, -0.2495,  ..., -0.3623, -0.1133, -0.5972],
          ...,
          [-0.1096, -0.0703, -0.4343,  ..., -0.3906,  0.1310, -0.6079],
          [ 0.1421,  0.0303, -0.4580,  ..., -0.3147,  0.0569, -0.2177],
          [-0.2910,  0.0427, -0.3652,  ..., -0.2776,  0.1412, -0.2876]],

         [[ 0.0327,  0.1001, -1.2988,  ...,  0.4558, -0.7046, -0.3408],
          [ 0.2881,  0.3967, -0.8501,  ...,  0.1390, -0.6519, -0.3081],
          [ 0.4065,  0.5581, -0.5371,  ...,  0.4727, -0.8442, -0.3464],
          ...,
          [ 0.6646,  0.8247, -0.6548,  ...,  0.2737, -0.7925, -0.8379],
          [ 0.3662,  0.9287, -0.5215,  ...,  0.4739, -0.5449, -0.3613],
          [ 0.4165,  0.7778, -0.6860,  ...,  0.4480, -0.3713, -0.5083]],

         [[ 1.3975, -1.1045,  0.4414,  ...,  0.0055,  0.6772,  0.0309],
          [ 1.4189, -0.9351,  0.4492,  ..., -0.4502,  0.4573,  0.0547],
          [ 1.3643, -1.2305,  0.2864,  ..., -0.5322,  0.4905,  0.0574],
          ...,
          [ 0.9746, -1.0527, -0.3816,  ..., -0.5171,  0.6938, -0.0429],
          [ 1.2422, -1.4238, -0.4082,  ..., -0.2017,  0.8989,  0.2073],
          [ 1.0303, -1.4258, -0.1923,  ..., -0.3496,  0.9937, -0.1470]],

         ...,

         [[ 0.8042,  0.5220,  0.0126,  ...,  0.1729,  0.2568,  0.6333],
          [ 1.1299,  0.1176, -0.0245,  ...,  0.5020,  0.2085,  0.5571],
          [ 0.9990,  0.2676,  0.2234,  ...,  0.5684,  0.2847,  0.4197],
          ...,
          [ 0.9790,  0.9023, -0.1576,  ...,  0.1013,  0.4470,  0.1949],
          [ 0.7871,  0.7158, -0.1710,  ..., -0.2949,  0.0397, -0.0168],
          [ 0.8325,  0.9761, -0.4138,  ...,  0.1556,  0.1768,  0.3101]],

         [[-0.6748,  0.5767, -0.2227,  ...,  0.8467,  0.8730,  0.0955],
          [-0.3491,  0.5654, -0.2411,  ...,  1.5049,  1.1133,  0.1259],
          [-0.4800,  0.3689, -0.5093,  ...,  1.2158,  1.0195,  0.4878],
          ...,
          [-0.4114, -0.3274, -0.1848,  ...,  0.9663,  1.1699,  0.1153],
          [-0.7954,  0.0328, -0.1930,  ...,  1.0762,  1.1367,  0.1913],
          [-0.6924,  0.0520, -0.2688,  ...,  1.1230,  1.1572,  0.2477]],

         [[ 0.0651,  0.0423, -0.0876,  ...,  0.6479,  0.1974, -0.7417],
          [ 0.0375, -0.2827, -0.1460,  ...,  0.4092, -0.0430, -1.0342],
          [-0.1276, -0.4397,  0.0137,  ...,  0.3584,  0.1442, -0.8589],
          ...,
          [ 0.0152, -0.3711, -0.0918,  ..., -0.2212,  0.1276, -0.1078],
          [-0.2338,  0.0892, -0.0081,  ..., -0.0619,  0.1652, -0.1283],
          [-0.0806,  0.0076, -0.0909,  ..., -0.1420, -0.0737,  0.0873]]]],
       dtype=torch.float16), tensor([[[[-1.3428e-01,  2.5024e-02,  1.0303e-01,  ..., -8.4814e-01,
           -3.8062e-01,  3.4546e-01],
          [-3.0396e-01, -2.9327e-02, -1.4563e-01,  ..., -7.2852e-01,
           -8.1152e-01,  3.7964e-01],
          [-3.8623e-01,  8.8501e-02,  3.9154e-02,  ..., -3.9502e-01,
           -9.0381e-01,  3.8037e-01],
          ...,
          [-5.7861e-01, -3.9111e-01,  9.2529e-02,  ..., -1.0547e+00,
           -7.8174e-01,  9.8755e-02],
          [-4.7388e-01, -2.3877e-01, -3.3472e-01,  ..., -8.7402e-01,
           -6.3721e-01, -1.5552e-01],
          [-5.1465e-01, -6.4209e-01, -2.6270e-01,  ..., -1.0791e+00,
           -8.5205e-01, -8.0750e-02]],

         [[ 3.4607e-02,  3.3936e-01,  4.2871e-01,  ...,  8.6084e-01,
            1.4209e-01, -8.0127e-01],
          [-5.1172e-01,  3.1934e-01,  2.4841e-01,  ...,  1.0938e+00,
            3.7628e-02, -4.0137e-01],
          [-2.7368e-01,  2.3596e-01,  4.0234e-01,  ...,  8.7891e-01,
            1.7261e-01, -2.3743e-01],
          ...,
          [-2.3950e-01, -4.7314e-01,  1.9543e-01,  ...,  1.1494e+00,
            4.3970e-01, -1.0547e-01],
          [-1.7929e-02, -3.0054e-01,  5.4492e-01,  ...,  1.0303e+00,
            3.7622e-01, -1.3281e-01],
          [ 1.3147e-01, -2.4023e-01,  2.0300e-01,  ...,  7.7197e-01,
            2.9614e-01,  5.1193e-03]],

         [[ 3.7915e-01,  5.0488e-01, -5.3076e-01,  ..., -4.2432e-01,
           -1.9958e-01,  1.9067e-01],
          [ 4.9365e-01,  2.9956e-01, -5.2393e-01,  ..., -4.7534e-01,
           -3.0823e-02,  3.0396e-01],
          [ 2.8564e-01,  5.5029e-01, -5.2148e-01,  ..., -4.7803e-01,
            1.6077e-01,  2.9077e-01],
          ...,
          [ 3.3398e-01,  4.0918e-01, -5.2490e-02,  ..., -3.1665e-01,
            2.4487e-01,  1.3806e-01],
          [ 3.8306e-01,  6.3672e-01, -3.7231e-01,  ..., -2.8125e-01,
            4.7180e-02,  1.0028e-01],
          [ 2.3022e-01,  4.0283e-01, -2.6807e-01,  ..., -5.9521e-01,
            1.8066e-01,  2.1472e-01]],

         ...,

         [[ 7.4609e-01, -1.6348e+00,  4.0039e-01,  ..., -9.3262e-02,
           -4.4824e-01,  7.4316e-01],
          [ 5.6592e-01, -1.3311e+00,  5.0195e-01,  ...,  3.8550e-01,
           -5.6787e-01,  4.5288e-01],
          [ 4.7021e-01, -1.4180e+00,  8.1982e-01,  ...,  8.1848e-02,
           -6.7188e-01,  5.8105e-01],
          ...,
          [ 1.8237e-01, -1.0762e+00,  9.0234e-01,  ...,  2.9199e-01,
           -3.9819e-01,  8.4290e-02],
          [ 2.1484e-01, -7.5586e-01,  9.3555e-01,  ...,  6.3672e-01,
           -4.7046e-01,  8.1360e-02],
          [ 7.7087e-02, -1.1211e+00,  8.7061e-01,  ...,  4.8901e-01,
           -8.0273e-01,  1.2830e-01]],

         [[ 3.7720e-01, -7.2070e-01, -6.8176e-02,  ...,  2.3157e-01,
           -3.0884e-01,  1.3189e-03],
          [ 2.3779e-01, -2.5317e-01,  2.3596e-01,  ..., -1.3782e-01,
           -1.4246e-01, -2.7710e-01],
          [ 4.9463e-01, -2.0654e-01,  5.5939e-02,  ..., -1.6187e-01,
           -2.1863e-01, -5.1221e-01],
          ...,
          [-6.8245e-03,  3.7022e-03,  1.6638e-01,  ..., -2.9190e-02,
            3.0664e-01, -9.0430e-01],
          [-1.9958e-01, -9.1431e-02,  1.7627e-01,  ...,  6.2683e-02,
           -5.7159e-02, -1.0605e+00],
          [-1.0431e-01,  4.2534e-04,  1.4575e-01,  ..., -1.0229e-01,
            9.8145e-02, -1.1143e+00]],

         [[ 3.6987e-02,  2.8320e-01, -2.6685e-01,  ...,  6.6748e-01,
           -8.5547e-01, -8.7646e-02],
          [-8.5510e-02,  4.9634e-01, -1.3008e-02,  ...,  3.4424e-01,
           -7.2217e-01, -3.8055e-02],
          [ 1.9568e-01,  4.9854e-01, -2.0630e-01,  ...,  2.6904e-01,
           -6.4258e-01,  3.0960e-02],
          ...,
          [ 3.4424e-02,  3.6157e-01,  4.9023e-01,  ...,  1.0876e-01,
           -6.1719e-01, -4.0771e-01],
          [ 1.6663e-01,  3.4009e-01,  5.7129e-01,  ...,  1.2494e-01,
           -4.2188e-01, -4.7583e-01],
          [ 2.8125e-01,  5.3027e-01,  4.4775e-01,  ...,  1.3562e-01,
           -6.4453e-01, -1.9116e-01]]]], dtype=torch.float16), tensor([[[[-0.7065,  0.8906,  0.0872,  ...,  0.2156,  0.3313,  0.0380],
          [-0.6860,  0.3809, -0.2781,  ...,  0.2373,  0.4604,  0.0899],
          [-0.7090,  0.2566, -0.0361,  ..., -0.0236,  0.1229,  0.4858],
          ...,
          [-0.3191,  0.3118, -0.1899,  ..., -0.6016, -0.2822,  0.1796],
          [-0.5830,  0.4739, -0.4822,  ..., -0.7856, -0.3330,  0.2898],
          [-0.2737,  0.3696, -0.1384,  ..., -0.4695, -0.1425, -0.1774]],

         [[ 1.0469,  0.1384, -0.4551,  ...,  0.1317, -0.6582, -0.5264],
          [ 0.8530, -0.0396, -0.3926,  ...,  0.4395, -0.3640, -0.1952],
          [ 0.9570, -0.1232, -0.6338,  ...,  0.4243,  0.0056, -0.4006],
          ...,
          [ 0.6147, -0.2244, -0.7349,  ...,  0.1356, -0.4009, -0.0827],
          [ 0.4697, -0.3660, -0.8325,  ...,  0.4087, -0.1559, -0.3599],
          [ 0.7368, -0.4575, -0.8301,  ...,  0.0314, -0.3237, -0.0679]],

         [[ 0.0956, -0.5547,  0.1725,  ..., -0.5288, -1.1465,  1.3291],
          [-0.5654,  0.1223,  0.2455,  ..., -0.5249, -1.1807,  1.1807],
          [-0.4893,  0.0357,  0.3718,  ..., -0.2666, -1.2373,  1.4277],
          ...,
          [-0.7363,  0.3459,  0.1993,  ...,  0.2683, -0.6763,  1.1172],
          [-0.6919,  0.3484,  0.4519,  ...,  0.1926, -1.0068,  1.0527],
          [-0.7837,  0.2637,  0.5381,  ...,  0.0452, -0.8076,  1.0381]],

         ...,

         [[ 1.3877, -0.2920, -0.7822,  ..., -0.7095,  0.1261, -0.4846],
          [ 0.9404,  0.1857, -0.7759,  ..., -0.9956,  0.0463, -0.5103],
          [ 0.9165,  0.2115, -0.5552,  ..., -0.9395,  0.1125, -0.4929],
          ...,
          [ 1.3311,  0.4285, -0.7754,  ..., -1.2412,  0.6924,  0.0343],
          [ 1.3770,  0.3218, -0.7612,  ..., -1.2881,  0.6812, -0.1570],
          [ 0.8906,  0.5996, -0.8608,  ..., -1.2031,  0.8208, -0.3530]],

         [[ 0.6216,  0.0773,  1.1914,  ..., -0.3503, -0.1654,  0.5317],
          [ 0.7622,  0.0952,  1.1465,  ..., -0.5298,  0.3093,  0.7207],
          [ 0.7227,  0.0122,  1.2793,  ..., -0.3674,  0.2864,  0.9658],
          ...,
          [ 0.7275,  0.3606,  0.5376,  ..., -0.3625,  0.1626,  0.5508],
          [ 0.4480,  0.3982,  0.3687,  ..., -0.4509,  0.3818,  0.8403],
          [ 0.5581,  0.4375,  0.3574,  ..., -0.3701,  0.3000,  0.3394]],

         [[ 0.2268,  0.3176, -0.7627,  ...,  0.1300,  0.1107, -0.1700],
          [ 0.1887,  0.1310, -0.8018,  ...,  0.2059,  0.3064, -0.3752],
          [-0.1571,  0.2028, -0.9424,  ...,  0.3484,  0.3372, -0.4978],
          ...,
          [ 0.3015,  0.0698, -0.3904,  ..., -0.6196,  0.5869, -1.1094],
          [ 0.3013,  0.1836, -0.4062,  ..., -0.2306,  0.7319, -1.0957],
          [ 0.4563,  0.3562, -0.6860,  ..., -0.3235,  0.9229, -1.1904]]]],
       dtype=torch.float16), tensor([[[[-1.3555e+00,  1.8225e-01, -2.0813e-01,  ..., -7.2098e-03,
            3.5620e-01,  1.8884e-01],
          [-1.2900e+00,  1.9604e-01,  9.3628e-02,  ...,  5.7471e-01,
            6.6797e-01,  1.2671e-01],
          [-1.3447e+00, -1.4435e-02,  1.4148e-01,  ...,  3.4790e-01,
            7.4268e-01,  3.4912e-01],
          ...,
          [-8.6816e-01, -6.0205e-01,  1.0595e-03,  ...,  4.8022e-01,
           -5.1819e-02,  3.8525e-01],
          [-1.0469e+00, -6.7676e-01, -1.7627e-01,  ...,  4.8340e-01,
            3.1226e-01,  3.1860e-01],
          [-8.0859e-01, -8.1738e-01,  5.6213e-02,  ...,  6.6943e-01,
            3.1104e-01,  1.2097e-01]],

         [[ 1.1987e-01, -1.0033e-02, -9.1895e-01,  ..., -3.5791e-01,
           -5.5469e-01,  3.1348e-01],
          [ 1.7593e-02,  1.8311e-01, -5.6494e-01,  ..., -4.0308e-01,
           -5.5618e-03, -1.6931e-01],
          [ 2.3059e-01,  2.9419e-01, -8.0225e-01,  ..., -3.3936e-01,
           -1.8005e-01,  5.3467e-02],
          ...,
          [ 2.6416e-01,  2.9858e-01, -4.1602e-01,  ..., -3.4302e-01,
           -4.8730e-01,  5.1208e-02],
          [ 3.2715e-01,  1.2866e-01, -4.2969e-01,  ..., -3.9404e-01,
           -3.0957e-01, -3.5840e-01],
          [ 1.4636e-01,  1.8970e-01, -3.1128e-01,  ..., -3.3765e-01,
           -5.1611e-01, -1.5417e-01]],

         [[-3.5547e-01, -9.0186e-01, -9.6387e-01,  ...,  5.7520e-01,
            8.6621e-01,  1.1133e-01],
          [-4.6338e-01, -7.1191e-01, -6.3867e-01,  ...,  3.9478e-01,
            7.9053e-01, -5.3497e-02],
          [-4.1211e-01, -5.2686e-01, -8.9600e-01,  ...,  4.8193e-01,
            1.2227e+00,  3.7012e-01],
          ...,
          [-3.2031e-01, -3.0176e-01, -1.6479e-01,  ...,  4.3628e-01,
            7.9492e-01,  7.3547e-02],
          [ 3.7384e-03, -2.7612e-01, -3.0347e-01,  ...,  4.2456e-01,
            1.0254e+00,  1.9458e-01],
          [-7.0898e-01, -3.1519e-01, -2.0142e-01,  ...,  1.8640e-01,
            9.1309e-01,  2.1777e-01]],

         ...,

         [[ 8.3936e-01, -9.2957e-02,  8.2471e-01,  ...,  1.3953e-01,
            7.6025e-01, -5.4688e-01],
          [ 5.7520e-01, -6.2927e-02,  5.7959e-01,  ...,  1.1841e-02,
            1.0615e+00, -4.4238e-01],
          [ 5.0293e-01,  8.6548e-02,  3.5840e-01,  ..., -1.5356e-01,
            7.9590e-01, -5.5908e-01],
          ...,
          [-8.7036e-02,  4.7534e-01,  1.9946e-01,  ...,  3.6682e-02,
            8.4912e-01, -5.1416e-01],
          [-1.7078e-01,  6.0205e-01,  3.9917e-01,  ...,  3.5156e-01,
            1.0498e+00, -5.1807e-01],
          [ 1.5234e-01,  4.3091e-01,  2.4377e-01,  ...,  5.6006e-01,
            9.3555e-01, -3.7915e-01]],

         [[-7.8418e-01, -4.3701e-01, -7.1289e-01,  ..., -3.7744e-01,
           -3.3667e-01, -4.4824e-01],
          [-1.2646e+00, -4.8853e-01, -7.8223e-01,  ..., -4.0210e-01,
           -6.7139e-01, -5.6299e-01],
          [-1.1592e+00, -7.1143e-01, -6.9434e-01,  ..., -5.3857e-01,
           -3.1543e-01, -2.6758e-01],
          ...,
          [-1.3018e+00, -1.1523e-01, -9.9365e-01,  ..., -1.9580e-01,
           -2.8613e-01, -4.5557e-01],
          [-1.5352e+00, -3.7793e-01, -9.1113e-01,  ..., -5.6689e-01,
           -1.4880e-01, -6.9141e-01],
          [-1.4697e+00, -3.9185e-01, -7.6221e-01,  ..., -3.6816e-01,
           -4.2676e-01, -2.6245e-01]],

         [[-2.2595e-01,  9.5557e-01,  8.6816e-01,  ...,  2.9272e-01,
            9.2676e-01,  2.1521e-01],
          [ 1.1560e-01,  7.2314e-01,  9.5068e-01,  ..., -7.6172e-02,
            6.0352e-01,  2.7197e-01],
          [-2.5317e-01,  8.0762e-01,  1.3936e+00,  ...,  9.1309e-02,
            7.8662e-01,  6.3354e-02],
          ...,
          [-8.9111e-02,  7.9736e-01,  1.1113e+00,  ...,  3.5913e-01,
            5.6738e-01, -7.2559e-01],
          [ 2.0081e-01,  6.6504e-01,  1.1230e+00,  ...,  4.4727e-01,
            3.9453e-01, -5.0684e-01],
          [-8.6365e-03,  7.8516e-01,  1.0234e+00,  ...,  3.1738e-01,
            4.8413e-01, -5.1562e-01]]]], dtype=torch.float16), tensor([[[[-0.1398,  0.0887, -0.3064,  ..., -0.3845,  0.1475,  0.6401],
          [ 0.0403, -0.2238, -0.1801,  ..., -0.5928, -0.1163,  0.3464],
          [-0.2603, -0.0599, -0.3257,  ..., -0.3125, -0.2184,  0.5254],
          ...,
          [-0.7817, -0.1666,  0.0598,  ..., -0.3926, -0.0067, -0.0464],
          [-0.6572, -0.2639,  0.1687,  ..., -0.5801,  0.0361, -0.1267],
          [-0.9937,  0.0991,  0.1008,  ..., -0.3250, -0.0522,  0.0625]],

         [[-0.3147, -0.0459,  1.1436,  ..., -1.0830,  0.4565, -0.4639],
          [-0.5376,  0.0595,  0.7432,  ..., -0.8618,  1.0420, -0.6748],
          [-0.3672, -0.0743,  0.6436,  ..., -0.9277,  0.8750, -0.4312],
          ...,
          [-0.4988, -0.2739,  0.4758,  ..., -1.4092,  0.4368, -0.6333],
          [-0.2474,  0.2607,  0.3308,  ..., -1.2783,  0.3418, -0.6997],
          [-0.0863,  0.0032,  0.5703,  ..., -1.1016,  0.5986, -0.7251]],

         [[ 1.0146, -0.1979,  0.5244,  ...,  0.7354, -0.4500, -0.1737],
          [ 0.7339, -0.5698,  0.6230,  ...,  0.7593, -0.7793, -0.2164],
          [ 0.5718, -0.4619,  0.2974,  ...,  0.6299, -0.6050, -0.5625],
          ...,
          [ 0.5747, -0.8745,  0.2690,  ...,  0.6245,  0.8721, -0.1655],
          [ 0.6631, -0.7090,  0.2705,  ...,  0.3794,  0.6362, -0.1299],
          [ 0.6895, -0.8623,  0.5908,  ...,  0.7114,  0.5366, -0.2195]],

         ...,

         [[ 0.3936,  0.3542, -1.0508,  ..., -0.1605,  0.2394,  0.4119],
          [ 0.2225,  0.4434, -1.2686,  ..., -0.6079, -0.2573,  0.4749],
          [ 0.3303,  0.1512, -0.9194,  ..., -0.6323,  0.1343,  0.5659],
          ...,
          [ 0.3359, -0.0495,  0.0831,  ..., -1.0889,  0.0953,  0.4492],
          [ 0.2080,  0.0919, -0.0913,  ..., -0.9966,  0.4236,  0.7393],
          [ 0.3008,  0.3164, -0.2428,  ..., -1.0244,  0.1758,  0.5293]],

         [[ 0.1570,  0.4583,  0.1501,  ..., -0.7026, -0.1982,  0.1764],
          [ 0.2561,  0.4358,  0.2487,  ..., -0.6987, -0.0507,  0.0699],
          [ 0.1749,  0.5962,  0.2859,  ..., -0.9414, -0.3118,  0.1377],
          ...,
          [ 0.2489,  0.3042,  0.1614,  ..., -0.3538,  0.0515, -0.2126],
          [ 0.1020,  0.1155,  0.2036,  ..., -0.2915,  0.1556,  0.3225],
          [ 0.1913,  0.1198,  0.1876,  ..., -0.4192, -0.0061,  0.0312]],

         [[ 0.6362, -0.1571, -0.6733,  ..., -0.2230,  0.1279, -0.0635],
          [ 1.1445, -0.4331, -0.7188,  ..., -0.3591,  0.2781,  0.0683],
          [ 1.0176, -0.3936, -0.5591,  ..., -0.2578,  0.1583,  0.0638],
          ...,
          [ 0.6992, -0.2062,  0.2627,  ..., -0.5259, -0.0705, -0.5703],
          [ 0.7388, -0.1375,  0.1515,  ..., -0.8086, -0.0133, -0.4319],
          [ 0.9233,  0.0903,  0.0235,  ..., -0.5449, -0.2573, -0.9976]]]],
       dtype=torch.float16), tensor([[[[ 0.7983, -0.6216,  0.0678,  ..., -0.4595,  0.4729, -0.0585],
          [ 0.5352, -0.5811,  0.0204,  ..., -0.3167,  0.3982,  0.0102],
          [ 0.3464, -0.5767,  0.1877,  ..., -0.7305,  0.1323, -0.2344],
          ...,
          [ 0.2803, -0.1788,  0.6699,  ..., -0.0364,  0.0076,  0.1694],
          [ 0.3364, -0.2866,  0.7402,  ..., -0.5049, -0.0759,  0.1155],
          [ 0.4070, -0.5405,  0.7007,  ..., -0.4526,  0.3027, -0.1219]],

         [[ 0.0690,  0.1906, -0.5747,  ...,  0.0917, -0.1895,  0.4929],
          [ 0.0908,  0.0253, -0.5420,  ..., -0.2888, -0.3044,  0.9702],
          [-0.1475, -0.1356, -0.4382,  ..., -0.0751, -0.2693,  0.7905],
          ...,
          [ 0.0666, -0.2830, -0.4629,  ...,  0.2491, -0.4727,  0.1115],
          [ 0.2864, -0.3015, -0.3140,  ...,  0.0530, -0.4883, -0.0022],
          [ 0.2524, -0.2394, -0.3376,  ..., -0.0316, -0.4685,  0.0320]],

         [[-0.3579, -0.4829,  0.3787,  ..., -0.4885,  0.0353,  0.6372],
          [-0.0612, -0.3582,  0.0861,  ..., -0.2761,  0.1851,  1.0654],
          [-0.0768, -0.6680,  0.1796,  ..., -0.2957,  0.2988,  0.7051],
          ...,
          [ 0.0630, -0.3960,  0.6436,  ..., -0.1973,  0.6489,  0.2705],
          [-0.0900, -0.4041,  0.6040,  ..., -0.3611,  0.4058,  0.4458],
          [ 0.0844, -0.1982,  0.6313,  ..., -0.3379,  0.1383,  0.4021]],

         ...,

         [[ 0.3064, -0.0835, -0.1152,  ...,  0.0670, -0.8071,  0.0301],
          [ 0.6611,  0.0342,  0.0373,  ...,  0.2345, -0.9717, -0.0023],
          [ 0.9199,  0.1077, -0.3140,  ...,  0.4302, -0.8223,  0.1367],
          ...,
          [ 0.4856,  0.0361, -0.4282,  ...,  0.4038, -0.9302, -0.0705],
          [ 0.5938, -0.0780, -0.2820,  ...,  0.5693, -1.0127,  0.1304],
          [ 0.5044,  0.0853, -0.4675,  ...,  0.5649, -0.7563, -0.2374]],

         [[-0.7373, -0.6274,  0.1167,  ..., -0.8037,  0.2988,  0.1917],
          [-1.1699, -0.4854,  0.1694,  ..., -0.9482,  0.2169,  0.2144],
          [-1.2266, -0.5537, -0.0083,  ..., -0.7930,  0.2920,  0.3994],
          ...,
          [-1.2930, -0.0990, -0.3293,  ..., -0.7725, -0.1583, -0.2314],
          [-0.9863, -0.0884, -0.3372,  ..., -0.4053, -0.0506, -0.4307],
          [-1.3174,  0.1292, -0.2964,  ..., -1.0010,  0.1011, -0.1492]],

         [[ 1.3271, -0.1639,  0.6719,  ..., -0.2585,  0.1545,  0.2595],
          [ 0.9419,  0.0694,  0.3894,  ..., -0.2363,  0.1180,  0.3015],
          [ 0.7290,  0.0282,  0.5190,  ..., -0.1489,  0.0596,  0.2642],
          ...,
          [ 0.4946, -0.2764,  0.5396,  ..., -0.0223,  0.1663, -0.1166],
          [ 0.5796, -0.2388,  0.3706,  ...,  0.1904,  0.1439,  0.0772],
          [ 0.6709, -0.1277,  0.1565,  ...,  0.0586,  0.1047,  0.0391]]]],
       dtype=torch.float16), tensor([[[[-4.9561e-01,  3.8452e-01,  4.9268e-01,  ...,  6.4844e-01,
            5.3174e-01, -7.4268e-01],
          [-5.8350e-01,  3.3496e-01,  2.5830e-01,  ...,  3.5425e-01,
            2.1741e-01, -8.6865e-01],
          [-3.1885e-01,  7.2670e-03,  8.0200e-02,  ...,  7.0459e-01,
           -4.7058e-02, -8.2129e-01],
          ...,
          [-2.2510e-01,  3.3032e-01,  3.5693e-01,  ...,  5.3369e-01,
            1.8518e-01, -6.5234e-01],
          [-1.0101e-01,  1.0309e-01,  3.8013e-01,  ...,  4.2065e-01,
            2.2021e-01, -4.1797e-01],
          [-2.3291e-01,  3.8794e-01,  1.7017e-01,  ...,  5.0879e-01,
            1.0181e-01, -6.2451e-01]],

         [[ 1.0462e-03,  4.5776e-01, -3.0251e-03,  ..., -1.4685e-01,
           -1.7981e-01, -6.2286e-02],
          [-1.7932e-01,  4.6826e-01, -1.6345e-01,  ..., -1.9958e-01,
           -5.7080e-01, -4.0967e-01],
          [ 5.8823e-03,  4.5483e-01,  8.4534e-02,  ..., -7.6599e-02,
           -3.1836e-01, -1.7395e-01],
          ...,
          [-3.6224e-02,  1.1670e-01,  1.0474e-01,  ...,  1.7859e-01,
           -2.0728e-01, -1.6016e-01],
          [ 5.6427e-02,  2.1863e-01,  2.8003e-01,  ...,  1.6309e-01,
           -2.3157e-01, -8.0948e-03],
          [ 1.0229e-01,  3.1689e-01,  1.4844e-01,  ...,  6.5967e-01,
           -1.6699e-01, -1.1432e-01]],

         [[-1.7676e-01, -5.9082e-01, -6.3721e-01,  ..., -7.3059e-02,
            9.5764e-02, -1.2021e+00],
          [-2.5537e-01, -1.0132e-01, -5.8105e-01,  ..., -3.8452e-02,
            6.8665e-02, -1.0029e+00],
          [-3.2251e-01, -2.1313e-01, -3.7354e-01,  ...,  2.4033e-02,
           -3.9990e-01, -6.0449e-01],
          ...,
          [-3.0200e-01, -7.4097e-02, -4.7705e-01,  ..., -3.0228e-02,
           -5.3680e-02,  5.0903e-02],
          [-3.2446e-01,  2.0493e-02, -6.8164e-01,  ...,  1.9580e-01,
           -1.1798e-01,  2.0886e-01],
          [-6.0303e-01,  2.6416e-01, -3.1323e-01,  ..., -3.6255e-02,
           -4.6310e-03,  5.4626e-02]],

         ...,

         [[-1.4385e+00,  8.3643e-01, -5.5762e-01,  ...,  2.7466e-03,
            4.3579e-01, -5.2051e-01],
          [-8.5840e-01,  3.9355e-01, -8.5498e-01,  ..., -2.7661e-01,
            5.5469e-01, -3.7988e-01],
          [-1.0908e+00,  4.6606e-01, -8.6084e-01,  ..., -2.1448e-01,
            7.4268e-01, -1.3599e-01],
          ...,
          [-6.3477e-01,  1.0193e-01, -8.6230e-01,  ..., -4.9927e-01,
            7.2607e-01, -5.1367e-01],
          [-5.3418e-01, -4.0314e-02, -8.0859e-01,  ..., -2.3804e-01,
            8.2178e-01, -1.4197e-01],
          [-5.8740e-01,  4.2206e-02, -8.7598e-01,  ..., -3.2471e-01,
            4.8657e-01, -2.9102e-01]],

         [[ 1.1621e-01,  2.8976e-02,  8.3398e-01,  ...,  4.7388e-01,
            5.7520e-01,  2.0288e-01],
          [ 3.1342e-02, -8.6670e-02,  8.1982e-01,  ...,  5.2979e-01,
            3.6353e-01, -6.8481e-02],
          [ 1.2561e-01,  2.4182e-01,  6.4453e-01,  ...,  1.0736e-01,
            5.4395e-01,  6.4209e-02],
          ...,
          [ 4.0625e-01,  2.5586e-01,  8.1348e-01,  ..., -1.6370e-01,
            4.9487e-01,  3.4424e-01],
          [ 2.7759e-01,  1.5454e-01,  7.1631e-01,  ...,  1.5671e-02,
            2.3083e-01,  4.9854e-01],
          [ 1.5979e-01,  2.2070e-01,  8.8721e-01,  ...,  4.6204e-02,
            4.1064e-01,  2.4963e-01]],

         [[ 5.3174e-01, -3.6206e-01, -7.5342e-01,  ...,  2.2717e-01,
           -8.5010e-01, -1.6650e+00],
          [ 5.0293e-01, -4.6606e-01, -1.9495e-01,  ...,  1.8750e-01,
           -7.6562e-01, -1.2695e+00],
          [ 6.8750e-01, -4.1919e-01, -3.6694e-01,  ...,  2.9932e-01,
           -7.0801e-01, -1.2393e+00],
          ...,
          [-1.5967e-01, -7.1680e-01, -1.5051e-01,  ...,  2.1301e-01,
           -7.1729e-01, -1.3926e+00],
          [-2.1814e-01, -5.8496e-01, -1.3733e-01,  ...,  3.8159e-01,
           -4.9097e-01, -1.5791e+00],
          [-2.1460e-01, -7.3535e-01, -8.2214e-02,  ...,  3.5718e-01,
           -6.0986e-01, -1.2539e+00]]]], dtype=torch.float16), tensor([[[[ 1.8188e-01,  6.6211e-01,  2.7515e-01,  ..., -3.0151e-01,
            3.0322e-01,  2.7563e-01],
          [ 7.7026e-02,  5.0293e-01,  5.9229e-01,  ..., -1.6785e-01,
            1.8970e-01, -1.3870e-02],
          [-6.1829e-02,  3.1421e-01,  5.2979e-01,  ...,  5.9387e-02,
            2.2327e-01,  3.4271e-02],
          ...,
          [-8.5352e-01,  7.2803e-01,  3.0151e-01,  ...,  1.1696e-02,
            4.8438e-01,  4.9585e-01],
          [-9.9805e-01,  7.9443e-01,  1.9568e-01,  ..., -2.6636e-01,
            6.1768e-01,  2.3999e-01],
          [-9.3701e-01,  5.9570e-01,  1.1005e-01,  ..., -7.9651e-02,
            6.1035e-01,  5.8984e-01]],

         [[ 4.7314e-01, -5.7080e-01,  7.3975e-01,  ...,  7.0166e-01,
            1.0195e+00, -9.6582e-01],
          [ 4.7925e-01, -8.0566e-01,  5.7373e-01,  ...,  9.3994e-01,
            7.6758e-01, -4.8389e-01],
          [ 2.6001e-01, -8.4277e-01,  7.1484e-01,  ...,  1.2354e+00,
            7.6270e-01, -7.2412e-01],
          ...,
          [-2.5024e-02, -7.6953e-01,  8.2471e-01,  ...,  8.1152e-01,
            6.7236e-01, -6.7188e-01],
          [-3.2544e-01, -6.6602e-01,  1.0254e+00,  ...,  8.9111e-01,
            6.7236e-01, -9.5361e-01],
          [-2.4353e-01, -7.1289e-01,  8.5693e-01,  ...,  7.8467e-01,
            7.5635e-01, -7.6758e-01]],

         [[ 4.7754e-01,  3.5474e-01,  1.2085e-01,  ...,  5.2930e-01,
           -1.4990e-01,  2.2546e-01],
          [ 5.9326e-01,  3.6591e-02, -1.1694e-01,  ...,  5.8838e-01,
           -8.1055e-02,  2.3816e-01],
          [ 2.7686e-01, -1.3084e-03,  5.2582e-02,  ...,  5.1562e-01,
           -2.3682e-01,  5.3174e-01],
          ...,
          [-3.9380e-01,  1.4282e-01, -1.1755e-01,  ...,  1.0645e+00,
           -4.8560e-01,  1.2067e-01],
          [-4.4531e-01,  6.2378e-02,  2.2858e-02,  ...,  1.2100e+00,
           -2.1985e-01,  1.5479e-01],
          [-2.4316e-01,  1.9226e-01,  1.6028e-01,  ...,  1.3438e+00,
           -3.8086e-01,  3.2043e-02]],

         ...,

         [[-4.8267e-01,  5.8105e-01, -4.2554e-01,  ..., -1.2568e+00,
           -1.2988e-01,  1.2067e-01],
          [-6.6113e-01,  4.8291e-01, -2.9736e-01,  ..., -8.8965e-01,
            4.9713e-02,  3.3179e-01],
          [-3.5156e-01,  6.9189e-01, -4.5654e-01,  ..., -1.2891e+00,
           -3.3875e-02,  1.3843e-01],
          ...,
          [-4.4971e-01,  1.6809e-01, -5.9863e-01,  ..., -8.1543e-01,
           -1.5625e-01,  4.0039e-01],
          [-6.2207e-01,  3.0176e-01, -6.4258e-01,  ..., -8.9697e-01,
           -3.9307e-01,  4.5532e-01],
          [-6.7676e-01,  3.9990e-01, -5.3271e-01,  ..., -9.7070e-01,
           -1.2610e-01,  5.4199e-01]],

         [[-5.8740e-01, -1.0974e-01, -1.8262e-01,  ..., -2.0178e-01,
            2.2018e-02,  5.7910e-01],
          [-3.1958e-01, -1.7126e-01, -9.1003e-02,  ..., -4.5581e-01,
           -2.0154e-01,  4.7339e-01],
          [-4.0576e-01, -4.7754e-01, -2.2278e-01,  ..., -3.3081e-01,
           -2.7924e-02,  8.3057e-01],
          ...,
          [-3.3276e-01, -2.5146e-01, -6.1914e-01,  ..., -5.8496e-01,
           -2.8345e-01,  7.6758e-01],
          [-5.7715e-01, -1.2225e-01, -6.2549e-01,  ..., -5.2246e-01,
            4.3976e-02,  8.4619e-01],
          [-5.0391e-01, -3.1689e-01, -5.2393e-01,  ..., -6.8896e-01,
           -3.3813e-01,  9.1748e-01]],

         [[-4.7046e-01,  2.0911e-01, -2.3193e-01,  ..., -5.2246e-01,
           -6.7261e-02, -3.1104e-01],
          [-9.0039e-01,  1.5417e-01, -6.1475e-01,  ..., -4.9707e-01,
           -9.2850e-03, -3.6621e-01],
          [-9.2676e-01,  1.3403e-01, -7.1924e-01,  ..., -5.7666e-01,
            1.2085e-01, -4.4165e-01],
          ...,
          [-4.8315e-01, -2.7075e-01, -4.6777e-01,  ..., -5.3955e-01,
           -9.2590e-02, -6.6943e-01],
          [-5.3955e-01, -7.3975e-02, -4.4995e-01,  ..., -5.2344e-01,
           -1.9812e-01, -8.8281e-01],
          [-6.4502e-01, -2.1899e-01, -4.5825e-01,  ..., -7.7588e-01,
           -9.8145e-02, -8.5010e-01]]]], dtype=torch.float16), tensor([[[[ 8.2324e-01,  4.3286e-01, -1.0703e+00,  ...,  3.1055e-01,
            6.2891e-01, -6.7725e-01],
          [ 7.6416e-01,  4.1016e-01, -5.6885e-01,  ...,  1.4319e-01,
            4.3652e-01, -1.0371e+00],
          [ 4.9048e-01,  4.4629e-01, -7.4512e-01,  ...,  2.5684e-01,
            4.1235e-01, -9.2334e-01],
          ...,
          [ 2.8931e-01,  6.6699e-01, -4.2896e-01,  ...,  1.1139e-01,
            2.9004e-01, -7.7881e-01],
          [ 2.2852e-01,  8.7598e-01, -3.2568e-01,  ...,  1.4966e-01,
            1.1633e-01, -9.6533e-01],
          [ 2.1912e-01,  5.0928e-01, -5.3223e-01,  ...,  2.5854e-01,
            1.5417e-01, -8.2373e-01]],

         [[ 3.4424e-01,  2.3767e-01, -1.0284e-01,  ..., -2.6294e-01,
            7.5244e-01, -5.9961e-01],
          [ 2.5537e-01,  3.4961e-01, -1.5991e-01,  ..., -1.3354e-01,
            8.2324e-01, -7.0166e-01],
          [ 3.4863e-01,  1.6467e-01,  1.4771e-01,  ..., -2.0642e-01,
            1.1904e+00, -3.0273e-01],
          ...,
          [ 5.0439e-01,  6.0889e-01, -7.2363e-01,  ..., -1.4061e-02,
            8.0762e-01, -4.4702e-01],
          [ 3.1079e-01,  5.3467e-01, -5.7910e-01,  ...,  2.6855e-01,
            9.5557e-01, -6.8262e-01],
          [ 2.2168e-01,  4.9609e-01, -6.5527e-01,  ...,  2.1838e-01,
            7.4902e-01, -9.0723e-01]],

         [[ 3.5303e-01,  1.3501e-01,  3.9502e-01,  ..., -1.1847e-01,
            3.6987e-01,  7.3340e-01],
          [ 2.5732e-01,  3.5303e-01,  6.6064e-01,  ..., -4.1103e-04,
           -1.2903e-01,  7.0361e-01],
          [ 1.9568e-01,  3.0225e-01,  6.5088e-01,  ..., -8.5632e-02,
           -1.1218e-01,  8.8477e-01],
          ...,
          [ 8.2153e-02, -8.8745e-02, -8.7524e-02,  ..., -7.6758e-01,
           -3.5339e-02,  5.6934e-01],
          [-1.4197e-01,  8.4167e-02, -2.3389e-01,  ..., -5.1416e-01,
           -2.2327e-01,  3.5669e-01],
          [ 4.1412e-02,  2.0178e-01, -2.2913e-01,  ..., -4.6729e-01,
           -2.3071e-01,  6.0693e-01]],

         ...,

         [[-2.1045e-01, -8.2959e-01,  4.0503e-01,  ..., -4.5483e-01,
           -2.7783e-01, -7.0898e-01],
          [ 1.3196e-01, -6.9873e-01,  4.8291e-01,  ...,  2.1713e-02,
           -4.7534e-01, -1.5845e-01],
          [ 3.9526e-01, -8.0713e-01,  6.3232e-01,  ..., -3.2104e-02,
           -5.3613e-01, -3.8940e-01],
          ...,
          [-2.2742e-01, -3.8184e-01,  1.0469e+00,  ...,  1.8665e-01,
           -4.1064e-01, -6.2061e-01],
          [ 3.2349e-02, -7.6318e-01,  9.0479e-01,  ...,  2.6733e-01,
           -7.0166e-01, -8.2520e-01],
          [-1.2793e-01, -6.2793e-01,  9.5020e-01,  ...,  1.9470e-01,
           -4.9048e-01, -8.8379e-01]],

         [[-5.6348e-01, -2.1924e-01, -4.3384e-01,  ..., -1.9263e-01,
            8.4668e-01,  2.1130e-01],
          [-3.4082e-01, -3.3154e-01, -4.6875e-01,  ..., -5.9766e-01,
            6.6211e-01,  1.2061e-01],
          [-5.3564e-01, -1.7761e-01, -3.7866e-01,  ..., -4.0112e-01,
            7.7441e-01,  2.0923e-01],
          ...,
          [-8.1494e-01,  4.0088e-01, -8.6365e-02,  ..., -7.7100e-01,
            6.3525e-01,  3.6157e-01],
          [-1.1494e+00,  1.8408e-01, -8.6975e-02,  ..., -6.7920e-01,
            8.2861e-01,  3.1812e-01],
          [-6.5381e-01,  4.2993e-01, -2.9633e-02,  ..., -6.4160e-01,
            8.7402e-01,  2.9321e-01]],

         [[ 7.9102e-01,  4.1357e-01, -3.2654e-02,  ...,  1.2927e-01,
           -7.4658e-01,  1.0967e+00],
          [ 6.7480e-01,  2.0813e-01, -3.9307e-01,  ..., -4.6387e-02,
           -5.6592e-01,  7.7588e-01],
          [ 7.5342e-01,  1.6003e-01, -3.6108e-01,  ..., -1.6650e-01,
           -4.7534e-01,  5.5469e-01],
          ...,
          [ 5.2100e-01,  1.1237e-01, -5.5762e-01,  ...,  4.5410e-01,
           -1.9360e-01,  8.1689e-01],
          [ 5.8545e-01, -9.0361e-04, -4.0894e-01,  ...,  3.6768e-01,
           -4.0991e-01,  7.8076e-01],
          [ 5.3369e-01,  2.2934e-02, -7.0410e-01,  ...,  2.5586e-01,
           -3.9526e-01,  9.7461e-01]]]], dtype=torch.float16), tensor([[[[ 0.4041, -0.1367, -0.0969,  ...,  0.7119, -0.6230, -0.2979],
          [ 0.0652,  0.0251, -0.2128,  ...,  0.5996, -0.6377,  0.0111],
          [ 0.2329, -0.3452, -0.3774,  ...,  0.4622, -0.7832, -0.0790],
          ...,
          [-0.0769,  0.6958, -0.0982,  ...,  0.2944, -0.6426, -0.0544],
          [-0.0405,  0.4604, -0.1373,  ...,  0.5571, -0.5083, -0.1820],
          [ 0.0521,  0.5264, -0.0465,  ...,  0.3442, -0.5010, -0.1458]],

         [[-0.6450, -0.6333,  0.1227,  ..., -0.1475, -0.7109, -0.1137],
          [-0.6738, -0.3196,  0.0781,  ..., -0.0050, -0.3394, -0.1882],
          [-0.8140, -0.2881, -0.0478,  ...,  0.0162, -0.3940,  0.0454],
          ...,
          [-0.6406, -0.0240,  0.3918,  ...,  0.2290, -0.4331,  0.5820],
          [-0.5806, -0.1214,  0.5083,  ...,  0.5557, -0.4307,  0.7866],
          [-0.4668, -0.2001,  0.2505,  ...,  0.3943, -0.4158,  0.5581]],

         [[-0.1262, -0.1283,  0.6377,  ..., -0.0953, -0.0532, -0.6772],
          [-0.0126,  0.2827,  0.3828,  ..., -0.2271, -0.0452, -0.3306],
          [-0.0175, -0.0675,  0.4531,  ...,  0.1376,  0.1053, -0.4922],
          ...,
          [-0.7295,  0.0121,  0.6714,  ..., -0.0049,  0.5815, -0.4270],
          [-0.4294,  0.1821,  0.4917,  ...,  0.3689,  0.3059, -0.7139],
          [-0.5366,  0.2659,  0.7822,  ...,  0.0118,  0.3201, -0.6289]],

         ...,

         [[-0.0429, -0.1068, -0.0886,  ...,  0.3655, -0.5659,  0.3394],
          [-0.4705,  0.1460,  0.0862,  ...,  0.3630, -0.2690, -0.0268],
          [-0.5322,  0.1510,  0.0626,  ...,  0.5503, -0.6318,  0.3547],
          ...,
          [-0.1292,  0.6533,  0.1520,  ...,  0.8188, -0.4104,  0.4241],
          [-0.1382,  0.6274,  0.4326,  ...,  0.6934, -0.7354,  0.5283],
          [-0.0436,  0.7510,  0.4189,  ...,  0.4875, -0.6680,  0.2563]],

         [[-0.5449,  0.7754,  0.1185,  ...,  0.2136, -0.2610, -0.9951],
          [-0.3218,  0.6143,  0.6060,  ...,  0.3738, -0.2206, -0.5938],
          [-0.3242,  0.5532,  0.5454,  ...,  0.1571, -0.3552, -0.6528],
          ...,
          [-0.0701,  0.7568,  0.0960,  ..., -0.0779,  0.2357, -0.2242],
          [-0.1830,  0.8799,  0.2451,  ...,  0.3252,  0.1792, -0.5679],
          [-0.0324,  1.1436,  0.3770,  ...,  0.0923,  0.1974, -0.6533]],

         [[-0.6948,  0.2969, -0.1791,  ...,  0.1493,  0.6030, -0.5464],
          [-0.7915,  0.0639, -0.5669,  ...,  0.3472,  0.5679, -0.1797],
          [-0.4741,  0.3445, -0.1624,  ...,  0.2264,  0.7197, -0.1453],
          ...,
          [-0.7988,  0.1508,  0.0262,  ...,  0.0086,  0.6855,  0.0899],
          [-0.5513, -0.1417, -0.2488,  ..., -0.2062,  0.7295,  0.2029],
          [-0.7266, -0.0273, -0.0654,  ...,  0.1650,  0.7646,  0.0284]]]],
       dtype=torch.float16))
(groqflow) tsegai@groq-r01-gn-08:~/ai-science-training-series/07_AITestbeds/Groq$